He has given his services to thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in remote areas.
India has strong strategic relations with all three countries.
He said that the efforts of the expatriate Indians have ensured respect for Indian passports everywhere.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a huge fan of football.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of the Sewerage Network Project in Western part of Agra under the Amritsar Yo
This will increase the gas production in Assam by 15 per cent.
In a simple way, we all experience how things move forward.
Therefore, we are continuously working to improve our investment environment.
Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of Sikhs, has been a source of inspiration to the people through his teachings
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various ministries of the Union Government.
A bilateral meeting with the participating countries is also planned during the BRICS Summit.
The programme was a collective lesson of beauty waves.
I want to see a reading and literacy movement like this across the country.
He said that people should get knowledge about local history as well as the archaeology of their cities and regions.
The various education boards across the country will start the process for board exams for class 10 and 12 in the coming weeks.
Both sides reviewed the recent investments made by Indian companies in the field of diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
In the year 2001, Atal Ji changed the time for presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
The Prime Minister called for accelerating the work related to the redevelopment of railway stations and for creative work in the area of
The Prime Minister highlighted the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared world heritage and expressed hope that it will be a new beacon
The Japan Plans system has also helped in the cooperation process.
The Prime Minister mentioned the expansion of infrastructure connected to basic health services, road network, oil and gas pipeline.
His achievement is particularly important because he made his challenge the means of his success.
This time in the monsoon session, we have all come together to present an ideal.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Holong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with toilets, water and electricity facilities by 2022.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in B
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das has made history by winning a gold medal in
A comprehensive framework for a better society must be laid out on the basis of good knowledge.
First of all, I express my deep condolences to the people who have died in the recent earthquake in Aceh.
He said, "I will be in Jakarta on 29 May at the invitation of President Joko Widodo of Indonesia.
Not only I, but the whole of India and South Africa are eager to hear the views of the President.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the loss of lives caused by the storm in Tamil Nadu.
This is the fourth such event in a series where the Prime Minister is interacting with the beneficiaries of various government schemes through video
Institutions also contributed a great deal to this.
23. Both sides appreciated the efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the States of India and the regions of Russia.
People affected in disasters and after disasters are using social media to help each other.
I am very happy to be present at the closing ceremony of the Narmada Service Yatra held in Amaranth, Madhya
He said that we must not only abandon reaching the ultimate goal as a country but also work together to eradicate the social stig
He said that the spirit of innovation of our ancestors must be kept alive.
The Ujjwala Yojana for Clean Energy, Swachh Bharat Yojana for Health and High Given, Jan-D
Today, the campaign "Swachhata Hi Sava" is launched with the aim of creating greater public participation in the direction of cleanlin
Over time, the popularity of these events increased.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate a section of the new Mejunta line of the Delhi Metro on December 25.
But for me, coming to Def-Expo is my first chance.
My young friends, you know very well that I keep on doing mind-blowing.
Welcoming the delegation members, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and harmony.
The Prime Minister said that sanitation or sanitation is one of the most important aspects of healthcare.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
Similarly, social justice is also an important objective of governance.
Energy efficiency is essential.
In fact, from Kanyakumari to Kashmir and from Kutch to Kamrup, from Amreli to Arunachal Prades
During the last two financial years, we have achieved about 55 billion USD of FDI.
Single Window Assistance provides assistance to foreign investors.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
November 26, this is our Constitution Day.
The government debt burden as a percentage of GDP is continuously decreasing.
Let us move forward with positivity.
He appreciated the security equipment being used in the security of the country.
The budget of Manrega also works for this water conservation.
The Union Cabinet has given its prior-action approval for the signing of the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peace
The PM Relief Fund will provide assistance at the rate of Rs 2 lakh to each family of the deceased and Rs 50 thousand to
For this, they need a lawyer who specializes in mediation.
He said that Tara Kot route would provide an alternative route to the Mother Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims
Our partnership will be extended to combat terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation to attend our first meeting of the Council as a full member.
After hockey, badminton has also brought good news for India.
We support a common approach to ensuring peace and security and shaping the world that reflects cultural and civilized diversity and strengthens
The Prime Minister stressed on ensuring maximum benefit for the poor and the lower classes of society under this scheme.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards further enhancing national integration.
He also outlined the benefits of the Health and Tourism sector from the Swachh Bharat Mission.
On this occasion, a postage stamp on Ramayana was issued by him.
A Chair for Indian Studies has been set up at the University of Lisbon.
Gathering together and taking the anchor has awakened a sense of unity and equality among the people.
He said that the organisation of such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of convergence among our youth.
The Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was established in 1947 to encourage students to continue their studies.
First, the prices of 850 essential medicines were controlled and the prices of the instruments used for cardiac surgery and knee surgery were
If the inflation rate had been increasing at the same rate as the previous government, the budget for the kitchen of the common man of the
The exhibition has shown more than a hundred excellent methods and simulations.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will be developed in the region.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
He also said that the government will ensure that adequate agricultural loans are available.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a timely manner.
Similarly, the news of the passing of Sullaghitti Narasamma of Karnataka was received on December 25.
Today, our fishermen go by small boats in the ocean.
We are a young country.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for peace with all.
Our festivals also teach us about social values.
He laid the foundation stone of this institution in April 2015.
I wish all the students, their parents and all the teachers who passed the examination the best of luck.
Brothers and sisters, likewise, some farmers of the mountainous region of Uttarakhand have become an inspiration
In search of peace, many people are starting to consume tobacco, alcohol and even drugs.
Minister of Energy, Saudi Arabia
He said that Kashi is now emerging as a health centre.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
Many Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
On the basis of a strong partnership, we support a flourishing bilateral trade and investment flow.
In this way, the eyes of the world have been fixed on India and Yoga for the solution of these problems.
GST will further accelerate efficiency in further advancing long-distance transport by removing physical barriers at the state borders
He also interacted with some researchers and beneficiaries.
He will also address the ex-servicemen on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that both IQ (Budget skills) and EQ (Emotional Skills) are of great importance in
Under this scheme, our fishermen will get loans, grants, subsidies from the government.
The International Conference of the Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is taking place this year in California, USA.
Two minutes is also a moment of collective action, of resolve and of respect for the martyrs.
Six labour and three environmental laws have been amended, which means that young entrepreneurs now need to provide only self-certified documents.
Talking about the progress made so far towards this resolution, the Prime Minister said that over 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi shared the benefits of PM-SYM scheme.
In this event, we won 3 medals in mixed events besides 13 medals.
Let us now join hands with a greater closeness and strength.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
Supply chain capability is crucial in any manufacturing enterprise.
The South Asia satellite tells us that this is also true in the case of regional cooperation between like-minded countries.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Teju Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
India's basic values are embedded in our civilized heritage.
He unveiled a logo for the launch of the 'Save the Earth Mother and Transform the Next Generation' programme.
I am delighted that Bhupene Da has been honoured with the Bharat Ratna.
You have incorporated our culture into your own and made it your own.
He called upon the universities to promote the overall development of these 100 villages.
President Xi and I will exchange views on many issues of bilateral and global importance.
He said that this industry is an important part of India's growing reputation in the world.
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring about a real change in the lives of ordinary people.
Friends, our shared cultural and trade heritage will be as strong in the future as the emotional ties between us will be strong.
Indeed, we have now entered a period which many have called the Asian century.
The beneficiaries explained how the reduction in the cost of heart stents and knee transplants has changed their lives.
The countries that leave behind their heritage also lose their identity.
The Prime Minister will also release the outline of the Harit Rameshwar project.
This decision of the government will give more credit to small shoppers, small industries.
Foreign investment in this sector has been invited.
The market will also determine the prices of gas.
The Prime Minister has also congratulated the people of Andhra Pradesh.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish salesman.
Last November, India held the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
Over the last three years, we have made tireless efforts to ensure ease of doing business.
Earlier, between 80 and 90 large traders had access to raw diamonds in the world through Belgium, Africa and Israel.
We appreciate your approach and leadership to bring our country out of crisis and lead it on the path of economic prosperity.
In fact, it was the third largest source of foreign direct investment during the last three years.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions so that commercial matters can be settled as soon as possible.
The Prime Minister will arrive at Port Blair on the evening of December 29.
More than 90 per cent of FDI approvals are being given via automatic route.
Both these sites are living proof of the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the general public of India and Nepal.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for peace our soldiers fought all over the world.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organizations working to protect the environment.
Culture and people-to-people contacts
The Union Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, was informed of the MoU between India and Italy for cooperation
The Prime Minister said that there is no shortage of capacities, capabilities and resources in India.
Shri Jo Yeu Le Drau also briefed Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation
The Prime Minister said, "I am saddened by the loss of lives due to landslides in Bangladesh.
He said that through this conference, top police officers get a complete perspective on understanding the problems and challenges.
Shri Modi said that drugs are being available at Jansadhsi Centres at 50 to 90 per cent lower prices than market rates.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
The name of the selected bank will be issued as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro Rental Card & App.
It has given us the opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration authority.
We are also working on reconstruction of Dal Lake.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful means and dialogue.
The Prime Minister said that by the efforts of the Government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
Today, cross-border transactions are steadily increasing due to e-commerce and increased cross-border mobility of people.
On the arrival of the holy month of Ramadan, I wish the people of India and the world, especially the Muslim community, the best
He said, "Welcome and greetings to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
71 countries of the world including India participated in it.
You're right.
The growing co-operation between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to give new momentum to the global economy
It is an occasion to worship Mother Durga.
You all know that when we successfully put the Mars mission into orbit, the entire mission was for a period of 6 months.
At the same time, a scheme was launched to unlock the black money.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
He saw a significant place for youth in the nation-building sector.
The two leaders also agreed to contribute jointly in a positive and constructive manner to the sustainable solution of global challenges such as climate change,
This is the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful testing of the Agni-V.
He said that the Central Government attaches the utmost importance to the development of eastern India.
I hope that at every level, at all times, as much force is given to rights, so too will force be given to duties
Taking into account the Prime Minister's vision to promote the spirit of science, technology and innovation across the country, this is the 5
He said that besides the banana sector, we should also think about the production of competitive bamboo globally.
The options we have today will define our collective future.
As we have shown, we are still counted among the fastest growing economies in the world.
197 million bank accounts were opened in a year.
However, legal reforms can only give the desired results when an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
If you put knowledge at the centre, you try to incorporate many things into yourself.
India can proudly say that not only male power but also female power is making an equal contribution to the Armed Forces of India.
As of May 2018, more than 5 crore women have been organized into 45 lakh self-help groups.
The Prime Minister said that the benefits of India's success are also available to our partners!
He said that close coordination and continuous monitoring is needed for these good works.
He said that the result of these programmes has been that India has jumped 42 places in the ranking of ease of doing business in
From my experience, we have to rely on people's leadership to achieve better results.
Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel took over the reins of India in a single formula.
Brothers and sisters, a big decision has been taken in this year's budget to give farmers fair prices of crops.
India has emerged as a hub for start-ups and innovation.
The dialogue between us has been enhanced at every level.
I wish you all the best on National Voters Day.
I have appealed to people to give books instead of giving flowers as greetings to each other.
The Jan-Dhan Revolution is a historic movement to bring the poor, the exploited and the disadvantaged into the
The presence of strong people-to-people relations and the wide public presence in Canada provides a strong basis for these relations.
Record growth in the last two and a half years
The Russian side offered expertise in tax collection with the help of satellite-based technologies, taking into account joint projects in India, including the
You too can be a big catalyst in boosting tourism in the country by using the time from October to March.
He said the Quit India Movement started in 1942 was a decisive movement.
All major agencies like the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank (ADB) have forecast India'
At the same time, the people here have a deep understanding of social responsibility and moral conduct.
Your love is like a blessing.
Kerala is at the top of the list in terms of the number of domestic and international tourists coming to the country.
The next step of this movement should be to transform waste into a multi-value generator.
This will save about Rs 27 lakh worth of fuel per day.
Cooperation is also necessary to have a framework work to speed up action in consumer-related cases from other countries.
You see, if everyone in a state says this, then I will tell the government to look into it and to prepare publicity on the
We have full confidence in the courage of our soldiers.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his best wishes to the people on World Health Day.
The Prime Minister said, "I am saddened by the tragic incident in Ata district of Uttar Pradesh.
From the perspective of a foreign investor, India is considered to be a politically risky country.
Cyprus is the eighth largest investor in India.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
You are the interface between the government and taxpayers, citizens and companies.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism and social harmony.
Lokmanya Tilak was filled with courage and confidence.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew members on the success of the mission.
The two leaders also agreed to promote bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the existing mutually bene
His father Kooda Binkar provides for his family.
I congratulate the people of Chandrampur school, these my younger friends, very much from the heart.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of unity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in
It has the power to change the climate of the whole country.
This is his third Super Series premiere title after Indonesia Open and Australia Open.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga.
Referring to the provision of 10 per cent reservation to the poor of the common class, the Prime Minister said that this is a step
Now the incorporation of the company is a matter of one day.
Dear countrymen, February 1, 2017 marks 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
Stressing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said that agriculture sector is suffering a huge loss in the absence of infrastructure.
He congratulated all the soldiers, ex-servicemen and their families on Army Day.
• The financial aid announced by the Prime Minister today is different from the financial aid of Rs 280 crore to Tamil Nadu and Rs 76
The United Arab Emirates is one of our most valuable partners and close friends in a significant part of the world.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar's words that we should build our political democracy as well as a social democracy.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays in the morning through yoga.
He said that the Indians, inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, have made Swachh Bharat Mission the largest public movement in
It is necessary to develop a specialized arbitration bar association.
Reviewing the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Housing Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister discussed the commitment of the
Most of the complaints are related to the poor service quality, connectivity and service blocking of the landline connections.
You can enjoy staying in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the divine environment of Paramartha Niketan.
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
Perhaps, these things I have said today will also serve as a relaxation for you.
He stressed that we, the people, should also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian Constitution has set for us.
We both agree that all countries need to take immediate action against those nations that create terrorism in our region, help them, encourage them
At this time, the expectations of the country, the feeling of doing something, are also natural.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
The Prime Minister will address a public gathering at Dharamshala in the Kangra district.
He told the authorities that it is important to develop close ties with people to be successful in tasks and objectives.
Our armed forces have always been a source of unique courage and valor.
Our players have done well and on this strength, India has become the Asian Cup champion after ten years.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been set up in the districts affected by leftist extremists in 2016
This will prove to be extremely important for both countries, taking into account the shared cultural heritage of both countries.
The number of air passengers in the aviation sector has reached 28.2 crore per year.
During a public meeting, he presented the flag of the 900th Coach and a Humsafar Rek.
India and Russia have agreed to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
In this regard, India can prove to be a better partner.
You are the leader of a great nation.
When India is clean, healthy, then India will also be prosperous.
Therefore, the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government.
At this time, the whole country stands with the people of the North East.
Thousands of children painted.
He also said that several announcements have been made in the budget to fulfill this objective.
I am confident that from a strong India and a strong Japan, stability will also come to Asia and the world.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Jagannath have examined the bilateral relationship between India and Mauritius from time to
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is this: We invite you to the Make India programme.
India's test was successful and in a way, India had demonstrated its strength in the field of science and technology.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment ties, we have amended the Double Taxation Prevention Agreement.
This is the first time since independence that such a scheme has been launched.
Your generation has also faced constant difficulties.
The above-mentioned work done by the Captain Nishad for the empowerment of the poor will always be remembered.
The project of the Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between Kyoto City and Varanasi, Japan.
Due to demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country is also undergoing a huge change.
When Savarkar Ji was born, I read a book and it inspired me to visit the cellular prison.
We look forward to continuing our partnership with our development partners including AIIB.
Beneficiaries who borrow under this scheme will be provided interest subsidy on loan amount up to Rs 2 lakh.
He then gave an audio-visual presentation of the experiences of selected beneficiaries of the welfare schemes of the Government of
Guru Nanak Dev Ji is not only the first Guru of Sikhs but also the world-guru.
And finally, more and more coordination at the international level has to be brought in to deal with disasters.
I see immense opportunities for investors who have not yet been able to exploit them.
He also believed that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China would be a positive factor in the ongoing global uncer
He said there is a strong need to prepare a proper blueprint at the district level so that we can understand our diverse talents and plan
Friends, in my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very broad.
The high-level review meeting was attended by the PMO, NITI Aayog and officials from other ministries.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the MoU between the National Corporation of Indian Small Industries and the Russian Small and Medium
Earlier, he expressed his condolences over the loss of life caused by the forest fires in Portugal.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
A special campaign was launched in 2016 to identify the disease of smallpox.
The Government is firmly committed to walking the path of fiscal consolidation.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful example of this.
He praised the Prime Minister as a great leader and a world leader.
In addition, the name of this company has been cleared from the company register after adjustment of the remaining liabilities of TSPL
Even attempts were made to destroy the trust of Indians in these.
Nikki Haley also extended her best wishes to Prime Minister Modi on behalf of US President Trump during the meeting.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen a close developmental partnership to modernize the nation and make its people more prosperous in
Member States can use the BRICS Labour Research Institutions and Social Security Cooperation Framework to cooperate on social security and labour-related
Swachh Bharat Mission is an initiative in this direction.
The Indian Food Safety and Standards Authority is working to ensure that processed food prepared in India is in line with international standards.
He encouraged the youths to do new things so that their regular work and duties could become easier and safer.
Our slogan is more crops, drops.
We will cooperate fully.
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss the opportunity to meet each other.
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
The Prime Minister also interacted with the Indo-Tibetan Border Police and Indian Army personnel and met them in a friendly manner
So many young people leave their homes for the first time, to give a new direction to their lives.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than 7,000 dollars per year.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
Stable, hopeful and transparent laws are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
The authorities are working towards providing all possible assistance after the storm.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
The UAE can benefit from the development of our manufacturing and service sector.
He said that this will be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birthday in 2019.
In a few hours, we will all welcome the new year of 2017.
In 2017-18, 55% of the total expenditure of Rs 64 thousand crore, i.e. about Rs 35 thousand crore,
The Prime Minister, Shri Modi, will dedicate the modern and expanded Bhilai Steel Plant to the nation during his visit.
Now this is the great power of our tourism.
To create world class universities in the field of education, we have taken a big step to break the bonds.
Friends, It is also a pleasure to come forward as an ally of the United Nations in this whole process.
They are also taking a course in skill development.
I would also like to thank Ankdat who has taken this initiative of India forward with strength and played an active role in bringing it to
We are also working tirelessly with each other to bring solar energy into the mainstream as an international solar alliance.
The freedom struggle is more connected to the spirit of our people.
This will promote the production of high-quality medicines, consumer goods and other medical technology devices.
He said that the Union Government's goal is to develop North East India as the gateway to South East Asia.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
President Ghani conveyed his condolences to the families of the martyrs.
Former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam Ji, always spoke of Nanaji Deshmukh's rural development when he
As with emerging economies, our challenge in India will increase both horizontally and vertically.
46. Together, we will build a India free from terrorism, communism and casteism.
It has become the world's main development engine.
He said that this decision will open the way to huge amounts of money in the development of the mineral wealth-rich districts.
State governments should show strictness towards those who are doing violence in the name of Gauraksha
The Prime Minister spoke about topics like climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of discussion.
A small nomadic community in the remote areas of the Nilgiri Plateau of South India has been displaced, traditionally their sett
My dear countrymen, after the holidays of Diwali, with new resolve, with new determination, you will
The Prime Minister said that student organisations should give greater importance to the safety of students during the campaign of the university elections.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of the Metro Rail.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius Shri Envind Jagannath Praswati Bharatiya Janata Sangh will be the chief
Sister Nivedita started work on cleaning faucets and roads without worrying about her health.
The 16-year-old young player Tababi Devi is from a village in Manipur.
Shri Modi said that old notes of Rs. five solar and Rs. one thousand will be accepted for funeral services in government hospitals,
In this context, he also discussed his meeting with the High Commissioner of India in Sri Lanka this morning on October 17, 2018.
He was an effective voice of the aspirations of Karnataka in Delhi.
Dr. Hire was also a senior officer of the bank.
We need to support such initiatives through policies and actions.
7. Any other area of cooperation based on mutual decision.
Of these, 10 lakh people are connected to the diamond industry.
You will remember that India's performance was excellent at the Asian Games this time as well.
The Prime Minister also said that like other major cities of Gujarat, Bhuj will also have a modern bus port.
I once again wish you all the best.
The Agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
One of the largest states in the country, Maharashtra, has also made an effective plan on its own.
To leave the house for the first time, to leave the village, to leave the protective environment, you have to become your own sar
The OBC Commission had been demanding a constitutional place for years.
The external sector is still quite strong.
He said that GST should be made good and simple tax, which would ultimately benefit the people.
The Government of India and the Insurance Company will jointly spend Rs 5 lakh in a year to treat about 10 crore families, i
There are over 300 million middle-class consumers in India.
Gradually, work will be made in that direction.
Our festivals have a special focus on saving rivers and water.
It showed how historically the people of India and ASEAN have been connected to each other.
We are also partners in South Africa's skills development efforts.
We have put special emphasis on implementing the various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
During the conversation, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation in the field of energy security and food security between the two
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
The first phase is connected to infrastructure such as highways, railways, etc. while the second phase is ensuring that the benefits of
I am confident that the commercial partnerships they will establish will boost our business relations.
To continue our commitment to this area, I am pleased to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the extra-regi
Brothers and sisters, irrigation projects are moving forward.
He said that the Union Government has built five crore toilets in the last 3 years.
This includes photography and geotagging.
Today, due to lifestyle, due to the ups and downs, due to increasing responsibilities, it is becoming difficult to live
Army Chief General Dalbir Singh was present on the occasion.
In fact, this incident was not only reduced but it was also an attempt to push our self-respect.
The Prime Minister encouraged the Assistant Secretaries to take the best of their experiences while engaging with various ministries in the coming time
Thus, recognized trade unions will be responsible for maintaining industrial harmony.
But it is good that the rainy season is moving on its own pace.
Our past is always woven with restraint.
Jan Dhan Yojana has connected millions of people to the backing work system.
Working together, we want to take our mutual relations as a future-oriented partnership for people, prosperity and peace.
India is currently the fastest growing major economy in the world.
Despite all the obstacles, Rajni did not lose courage and continued to learn boxing.
The government has launched a series of transformative initiatives.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Today we live in a connected world.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Exhibition.
Amrut Mission has also included 33 cities of Tamil Nadu (thirty-three cities).
In his interaction with the Prime Minister, he informed about the steps taken by the Union Government towards improving connectivity and infrastructure in
As developing countries, our challenges are similar.
It is a joy for me that I, along with my partner and friend, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, have the opportunity to
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of the Director General of Police at BSF Academy, Tek
I hope that the new course will further strengthen the financial skills of newcomers in this profession.
Apart from this network, various universities will be able to carry out expertise in full research work in these two areas on disaster issues
He said that sanitation is a simple measure for preventive healthcare.
This app is also beneficial for the businessmen.
Praising the Bohra society, the Prime Minister said that it is a privilege for them to be involved in the community.
During the meeting, the Supreme Court's suspension of the JALLIKTU was discussed.
Food processing is India's way of life.
These are some of the questions I want to leave to you.
The Prime Minister said that he had fulfilled his promise of a one-rank one pension for former soldiers and he was happy to have
They can also cope with adverse agricultural and climatic conditions.
The Prime Minister said that new AIIMS are being set up to improve access to healthcare for the people.
The Prime Minister said that the creation of Adi Shankaracharya can connect the human being to the ordinary with the beautiful.
The law had been hanging for many years.
He said that in this way, projects worth Rs 12 lakh crore have been accelerated.
We are also pleased to share with you India's holistic healthcare traditions like Yoga and Ayurveda.
I will also be a candidate in this election.
Later, in 1945, when the freedom struggle took hold, he prepared a revised copy of that idea.
This is a rostrum of affection from Japan to Varanasi.
He appealed to all persons present to work towards 100 per cent sanitation coverage till Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birthday,
At the 23rd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolving consumer complaints.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patangli Research Institute in the Haridwar district.
We have developed an ambitious roadmap to make our comprehensive strategic partnership objective and action-oriented.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa of Portugal visited the Champalimod Foundation in Lisbon today.
This reduces their productivity.
In this context, he said that all government approvals, including construction permits, are being issued faster than before.
Today we remember his courage, we salute him.
It has hampered the growth of interstate trade.
He said that the effort to change the tourism sector is a continuous effort.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted person in the villages.
In many parts of the country, our youths and farmers showed their bravery and stood up against injustice.
Therefore, the government is trying to ensure that every citizen has access to healthcare.
We are with the sad families.
His dedication to tackling natural disasters, from storms, hurricanes, floods to forest fires, and
Indian soldiers have shown the world that when it comes to war, they are not behind anyone.
When all parties work together in the national interest, decisions are also good, results are also good.
We have taken many decisive steps and have created a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
There were also several national flags hoisted.
To realize this goal, the government is bringing in some new schemes for the country's one hundred and fifty crore citizens on
If someone sends photos of the efforts of children, then there is a story of the team efforts of the youth.
Our domestic market is divided into pieces.
This October is a month to remember so many of our great men.
But to have the opportunity to speak with you is a greater honour.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that there is a long-term dialogue between the most senior and
The Prime Minister assured them of India's full and constructive cooperation in fulfilling their new responsibilities.
Addressing the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the public assembly for celebrating Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ay
The Prime Minister will address the audience, which will include farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials and public representatives.
In his message, he said that I am honouring the people's leader Jayaprakash Narayan on his birthday.
He said that a national strategy has been drawn up a few months ago to create a strong infrastructure for research in artificial intelligence.
The efforts made by the Chief Minister for Bihar's progress have been utterly appreciated.
Oil ministers of developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
He also discussed the work being done towards cleanliness and the work being done to enhance the beauty of the city.
A list of 26 islands has been created for overall development.
This work will be completed within 36 months.
This time, Diwali celebration with security forces in the Gurez sector of Jammu and Kashmir has been unforgetta
Speaking to the media at Ahmedabad Airport, the Prime Minister said that Gujarat has experienced heavy rainfall in the last week.
He said that this event is being held to honour the women serpents who have made a huge contribution to the Swachh B
As a result, the competitiveness and impact of our marketing companies will increase.
I hope that this will help us to move forward.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome recent financial and banking challenges.
As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders stressed the importance of strengthening security and defence cooperation between the
But we know that we have limited democracy to ballots.
The award will be given to Shri Modi on a specified day by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation as agreed upon.
To tax from 10 to 5 per cent is a bold decision.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
The construction of IIT, IIM, AIIMS is going on rapidly.
New India is not possible without New Tamil Nadu.
Three other terminals are under construction in Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of the North Regional Centre Campus of the Indian Institute of Mass Communication in Jammu.
These are our values too.
Strategic partnership
This is another area that can become a link to further connecting our societies.
For example, under India's Housing Programme, 10 million houses in urban areas are set to be built.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
I wish the good fortune of all those injured in the rail accident.
Most of the beneficiaries said that their lives have improved considerably.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia also spoke of mass public awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities for our far
Discussing the importance of healthcare and health, the Prime Minister said that health is the basis of all kinds of success and prosperity
From the cause-list to the case-law, the lawyer's library is now one click away from your mobile.
But let us not forget that it is not just government, money, planning, power that all work is done.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a 50:50 joint venture of the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
Continuous availability of water is crucial for agriculture.
Today we are here with this belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
You will also know how many administrative and financial steps the government has to take in the construction of highways.
New systems are born.
The deaths of working with Shri M. Vankaya Naidu in the party and government are full of memories.
We have set a target to increase the capacity of 175 gigawatts of renewable energy by 2022.
President Temer's visit will open the way to cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
The day of the birth of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and devotion.
His incredible courage and patriotism have saved our country.
Not only that, we are the sixth largest renewable energy producer.
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of freedom fighters.
The Prime Minister said that Yoga improves concentration.
The Prime Minister encouraged them to devote their energy to working with other government agencies to improve the lives of people in their respective villag
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jhar
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Centre has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the
Under the Integrated Gardening Development Campaign, the farmers will be provided assistance for replanting the gardening crops that
He also spoke out about how the purpose of all government schemes and initiatives is to empower the poor to fight poverty.
It takes years to decide a case.
The Prime Minister expressed his pleasure that Mahatma Gandhi's beloved Bhajan Vaishnava Jan was sung by artists from 150
If there are grandparents, grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations can do yoga together and
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing of K. Karunanidhi.
First of all, congratulations to all of you for the International Conference on the important topic of Consumer Protection.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi attended the press council of India's press conference on the occasion of the National Press Day.
But the rain is waiting.
The Prime Minister recalled his meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
The people of Meghalaya have made a significant contribution to our country.
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
The two sides emphasized the importance of continuing multilateral dialogue on this topic in the framework of the East Asia Summit and the Other
Janshakti is considered to be the form of God.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been achieved in this state thanks to various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, M
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subrahmany Bharati is known for his revolutionary poem Pudhum
This is changing the supply landscape.
In this context, the Prime Minister also discussed the initiatives taken in the field of air and water connectivity.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister that parents should tell parents who are under stress about their children's exams and sit on unnecess
Whenever there is talk of hockey in the world, the story of hockey will remain incomplete without these great players of India.
We stand with Portugal in this hour of sorrow.
The Indian community in Portugal has played a significant role in deepening our bilateral relations.
Kochi was selected as Smart City in January 2016 under the first round of the Challenge Process.
The National War Memorial also commemorates the soldiers who made the supreme sacrifice in the peace-keeping missions and anti
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a significant role in helping to mobilize the necessary resources.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
Good luck to you.
You must have been happy to hear that such a huge sale of khadi and handloom is being made in the same store.
One of the features of the exam was that there was open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
India has been home to many sadhu-sansyas who have served and improved society.
It is therefore an honour for me to welcome a great friend and supporter of India.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Jalpaiguri Jamfaal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
We have to take the growth with us, the people with us, every segment of society with us, and we have to move the country
If possible, we should also go out and play with these children.
Members of the Club of Chef's of the heads of nations from around the world met Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today.
It is playing a very big role for the gramoda.
The Prime Minister said that Rani Lakshmibai is an inspiration for every Indian.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in trade, the Prime Minister said that the Government is encouraging honest traders
The Prime Minister emphasized the shared values between India and Japan.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum, exhibition and audience gallery.
He also distributed PM-SYM pension cards among the beneficiaries.
One hundred and fifty crore Indians are waiting to welcome ASEAN leaders as our chief guests to India's 69th Republic Day
The second edition of Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held today and tomorrow in Yangon
He said that dynamic change is needed to bring about change in the system.
We know how the fruits of progress and prosperity are distributed among the common man.
He also mentioned the development of defence production and ventures for the production of 226 helicopters and warships.
His visit is important for both countries as we celebrate a decade of our strategic partnership.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is an honour of the people of India.
Responding to the people who had raised the occasion of the Swachhta campaign announcement from the Red Fort of the Prime
My dear countrymen, hello.
I salute the people of India, Jaya Prakash Narayan, on his birthday.
It is said that the inspiration was the sister Nivedita.
I begin my speech by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
We have extraordinary political and public relations with every country in the ASEAN region.
He said students should think about innovative solutions for the problems facing the people.
Chhath Purwa is associated with the worship of the sun in rivers, ponds.
He said that during the last three to three and a half years, the Union Government has worked to fulfill that vision of social democracy.
The coming together of so many countries on International Yoga Day reflects the true essence of Yoga.
He dedicated various development projects to the nation in Raibareli, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone.
The Prime Minister said that I feel compassion for those affected by floods in different parts of Bihar.
His sport has made us all proud.
Tourism will be added value only if we not only meet but try to understand it as a student.
During his tenure, the timing of the budget was changed.
The Prime Minister will also release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
Taking the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the potential to solve people's problems.
The Prime Minister said that this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of our country's people for freedom.
The bridge will significantly improve connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh from Tamil Nadu and significantly reduce travel
Tomorrow, today and tomorrow there will be such a good coincidence that Yoga will get a new dimension.
This will not only facilitate the movement of railways, but also help in the overall development of the Bundelkhand region.
My condolences are with his family and goodwill at this hour of grief.
The main features of this tunnel are as follows:
Nearly all countries of the world have made this occasion of yoga their own.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the love he received in Kutch was unique.
Shagini Nivedita Ji also collaborated with the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
Such an opportunity has never come before in your life.
Earlier this month, at an event held in Bhopal, the Prime Minister had highlighted the humanitarian aspects in our brave soldi
We will work hand in hand with the countries of this region to deal with disasters.
Ayushman Bharat Yojana will provide a wide range of investment opportunities in the field of health-related infrastructure, construction of medical
So a lot of new people have been trained to vote.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path from illness to wellness.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
These projects are related to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pr
Somnath has 20 thousand followers on social media.
The Prime Minister asked the authorities to set clear targets to improve the tax administration of the country by the 75th anniversary of independence
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) had started its financing related operations in January 2016.
My condolences are with the relatives of the dead.
For me, Diwali has brought a special experience this time too.
He said that under Pradhan Mantri Household Yojana, a comprehensive campaign is underway to provide a permanent home to
When you read it, you will learn how today our youth try to change the life of the common man by using technology smartly and cre
This year too, we will try to organize a Run for Unity in our villages, towns, cities and cities.
This was the fourth such dialogue in a series of five.
This shows our commitment to giving homes to the poor, middle class.
He inaugurated the Luangpokpa multi-sport complex, the Queen Guiding Park and other important development projects.
The same game is known by different names in different places.
He said that the cooperative movement can play a key role in achieving these objectives.
The Act East policy of my government places this sector at the centre of cooperation.
Now, a significant positive change is also being seen in society in terms of digital transactions.
As an experienced MP, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
Seven countries in the Asia Pacific region are among the top ten countries in terms of deaths due to disaster.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Akikrytr Power Development Yojana (IPDS) for Old Kashmir and the Atal Inc
The Government of India has launched the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Pratapada Yojana.
We are the second largest exporter of shrimp in the world.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on the occasion of their birth anniversary
Later, he addressed a huge public gathering at a ceremony to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
I am happy that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
During the last three years, everyone has made their own efforts towards water conservation and water management.
This is part of the scheme of the Government to provide affordable and quality gas to the whole North East region.
He congratulated all those involved in the construction of this statue.
Akita has won gold and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
Even on Makar Sankranti, millions of people are immersed in holy rivers.
I was told by some people that a few days ago in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, more than three lakh people
Best wishes for today's match.
For this, we are strengthening the entire ecosystem of our administrative system.
Inspired by his vision, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) was established on 12 October 1993.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Shri Modi will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit at Mahatma Temple in Gandhi Nagar
The demand for aviation fuel is expected to increase fourfold by 2040, as the aviation sector develops.
The poison of casteism, the poison of communism, can never do good to the country.
Singaporean companies have become major partners with India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
130 crore Hindus will respond to every plot, every attack.
Yoga can be a strong source for discipline and development.
We are now globally integrated economy.
He said that India and Bangladesh's commitment to cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
Friends, until now, Indian importers had to go abroad to look for and buy raw diamonds.
India has climbed 42 places in the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Report 2018 and entered the top 100 rankings in
Major financial agencies have also expressed their positive views on India's growth.
The Prime Minister said it is important to identify those who stand in the last line so that the benefits of the administration can reach them.
This is a living example of a changing environment.
Now efforts are being made to bring banks back to normalcy as soon as possible in the new year.
The Prime Minister directed insurance companies to hold special camps to assess the tax losses and to provide compensation to the affected families and benefici
India's economic interests can be better served by a considerable number of available arbitration experts and lawyers.
School children associated with Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
We have done a good job in the field of wildlife conservation.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
The Prime Minister said that these efforts of the Foundation show the importance of transformation from me to us, when we think about society above ourselves
His Highness and I have discussed ways to turn our energy relations into a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
This year, World Environment Day aims to solve a very important challenge.
India and Cyprus share the same objective of rapid reforms in the UN Security Council.
All the best wishes and blessings to Hanya.
Jayalalithaa Ji's commitment to the people, her concern for the welfare of the poor, women and marginalised
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to improve the system from time to time.
This will enable the best use of national assets in the national interest.
He has carried forward this movement with great piety.
These experiences will enrich your life.
Today, 11 August is associated with a very important date in history.
Both sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by the Advanced Pharma Company in Russia.
He reiterated India's commitment to a stronger and more sustained bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
I had appealed to turn Brain-Drain into Brain-Gain.
He said that the Union and the State governments would be keen to make sports popular.
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and universities in the country are also in Kerala.
This is a good start.
The two sides expressed their commitment to continue mutual support and coordination on various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
Yoga practice creates a sense of unity of mind, body and mind.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okah and Beit Dwarka.
Social media is changing disaster response.
The Prime Minister said that more than three lakh companies have been under investigation for data mining investigation after demonetisation.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
The Prime Minister spoke about how the Centre has focused its efforts on improving ease of doing business as well as ensuring ease
The identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Ravindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to step out of the world but retain their Indianity
Along with this, he congratulated the people who have been there to allow the location around the living temple to be authorized for their
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
The Prime Minister said that if anyone thinks that not going to a place will prolong his Chief Minister's term and going to a place will
Both sides expressed their satisfaction over the long-standing cooperation between Indian and Russian scientists in Antarctica.
He also outlined the steps taken to improve ease of access to the internet.
It has the potential to create a better society and a better nation.
It was the hero Savarkar who wrote fearlessly that what happened in 1857 was not an uprising but the first war of
He said that just as Sardar Patel ensured political integration of the country, GST will ensure economic integration.
India House of London including Savarkar celebrated its 50th anniversary with a grand ceremony.
He said that India will be great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
We will also interact with the BRICS Trade Council, which is being held by the heads of industry from all five countries.
Therefore, I was surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has ever visited Portugal bilaterally.
He has shown that when a goal is set, encouragement is built and a resolution is made in the mind, it can be fulfil
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said that our minds are not ready to accept that Shri Vajpayee is
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017-18 was 7.7 per cent.
During the same period, 11,641 additional settlements have been connected to roads.
• If the law is doing its job, then we have to work together towards those who are looking for a way to escape by talking about
We are reaching our importance in the world today through the rapidly developing airplane.
Everyone remembers the positive role of the UN in its efforts to establish peace in the world.
The Prime Minister said that actions like the Prime Minister's Safer Mothers' Mission and Mission Indradhanush have played a major
Bioliquids actually reduce the dependence of imports on crude oil.
He said that India's water cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan.
My dear countrymen, in a few days the Ganesh festival is coming.
It is estimated that there are more than two crore graduates of engineering and management in our country.
Including Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Migi) in the order number 9 instead of M
I assure you of all possible assistance from the Government.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together towards it.
He invested his entire life's earnings by relying on just one sign of yours.
Shri Modi will unveil the plaque as a symbol of service for 3 billionth meal by the Akshay Patrika Foundation
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve a lot in the game of football.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distances between the two cities, but also bring people who
So I would like to know your thoughts by taking this current direction of education and its future.
The progress of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 ministries so far has been shown on this portal.
Along with these, the global community has also been drawn to other changes.
You celebrate Indian festivals in your own way.
I extend my condolences to his entire family, friends and supporters in this sad hour.
The capacity of the NDRF has become a new pillar of devotion for every Indian.
When works like the Encyclopedia of Hinduism are made available in different languages, our understanding and awareness of other traditions and institutions of
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any guarantee.
I hope that the industry will be in constant contact with them.
In terms of FDI, we are now among the most open countries.
He said that Gurudev Ravindra Nath Tagore is as much of Bangladesh as he is of India.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
Within a few hours, the video on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook generated a tremendous interest among people.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities including the Amul Chocolate Plant.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the deaths in a bus accident in Mandalay, Karnataka
Investors are looking for growth and strong economic stability.
January, February, March, April are all months in every family.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the reforms made in India in recent times.
Results of Budget Session
The Indian delegation, led by Minister of Commerce & Industry & Civil Aviation Shri Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern
As partners of democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and views for regional and global peace.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains in the Himalayas or sunny desert, yoga is enriching every life in
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the first new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
He taught people the importance of sanitation and service through his actions.
The Prime Minister will then leave for Odisha.
This can only happen when long-term investments are made in business, creating employment opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of being proud of our history and our archaeological heritage.
As a result, Japanese industries have established a larger partnership with the Indian economy.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving the issue related to the terrorist attack.
Today, everyone is joining this Fit India campaign.
At the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in resolving complaints related to post offices and rail
We must empower this legacy.
During the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we have facilitated the return of more than 90 thousand Indian citizens from about 54 countries.
It is unusual that her husband was martyred while serving Swati and Nidhi Mother Bharati.
We will host a global mobility conference this year.
He said that the role of parents in the examination is very important.
I will also address the Indian community.
India invites them to provide economic opportunities to the world in our country.
That is, in a way, such a system is being created to connect farms to any market in the country.
Shri Narendra Modi said that today connectivity is essential for development.
He will also showcase a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameshwaram through video conferencing.
• A training institute is being set up alongside the high-speed rail project.
I have shared a strong commitment with you to take our bilateral relations to a new level.
Even hair stylists are deciding the hair design of their customers.
We have given momentum to policy-making in this area.
The Prime Minister mentioned the remarkable technological progress made by Israel and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahib.
But we are in a free India.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that playing with future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our Javanese security forces stationed at the border.
This has been possible because of close cooperation between the Central and State Governments as well as all political parties.
Rajnie expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, so his father encouraged him by using all the means possible.
The Prime Minister encouraged the authorities to develop contact with the people around them and with those they meet during their duties.
His greatest contribution to the freedom struggle was that he made it a broad-based movement.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
He paid tribute to Mahatma Fule on his birth anniversary.
To live a healthy life, first requirement is hygiene.
He said that implementing it is a complex task which could be the subject of study for the future.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of the pipeline water supply scheme in rural areas of Bundelkhand region under the Government
Both sides underlined the importance of enhancing cooperation in the aluminum sector.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is now not limited to national capitals but extends to our states' capitals.
We remember the sacrifice of our army with pride.
On behalf of the people and citizens of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister
This project is important in view of the fact that it will provide water supply to the drought-affected region of Bundelkhand
I now end my speech congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala
The government is also working towards the goal of having every person in the country have their own home by 2022.
He said a new economic system is being developed on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, which will transform the entire region into a
Every sector of society, every class of people, gave themselves to Mahatma Gandhi's call in the freedom struggle movement.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional assistance to India on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
He recalled that the Union Government had earlier launched Jan Dhan Yojana to ensure financial inclusion.
The whole world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
Emphasis was placed on women empowerment and women's respect.
Shri Narendra Modi, discussing various projects being undertaken in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors, said that considerable progress has
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
He went to different countries of the world and raised his voice against the bad propaganda being made about Sunanatnam religion and philosophy.
Prime Minister Shri Modi said, "I will meet with the President of Singapore, Halima Jacob, on June 1.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
They will not be forgiven.
The Prime Minister also worshipped a special prayer under the Statue of Unity.
He welcomed the celebration of the year 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
This railway line will be the gateway to Tripura for South and South East Asia.
It is inspired by the truth teachings of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
He unveiled a roadmap for the full development of tribes over the next five years.
He also mentioned the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
Creating a business-friendly environment and attracting investment will remain my top priority.
Space technology will be connected to the lives of our people in this sector.
• Capital expenditure on infrastructure projects has increased this time by 49 per cent compared to last year.
He said that the projects being inaugurated today are very good for the cooperative association.
The purpose of Bharatmala Yojana is to improve road connectivity by building national corridors and highways.
I warmly recall our meeting in August 2015 and February last year.
It is helping agencies quickly and it makes it easier for citizens to contact the relevant authorities.
UN staff, diplomats from around the world, everyone participated.
This is a change.
Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
These diseases are now known as lifestyle disorder.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
The independence of the judiciary is a fundamental feature of the Indian Constitution.
The Prime Minister said that the purpose of the policies and decisions of the Union Government is to increase the income of farmers.
The Prime Minister discussed the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
Plastic is now becoming the biggest threat to humanity.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi met and interacted with a group of 80 External Secretaries and Joint Secretaries working in
In response to a question of a team working for the creation of rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to
No matter what the business is, its sole purpose should be to satisfy the consumer.
Every year, an average of Rs 32 thousand crore is spent on water conservation and water management apart from the ManRega budget.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat campaign forward.
In that interview Field Marshal Manekshawus was remembering the time when he was a Colonel.
In 2016, the Akshay Khatib Foundation served 2 billionth plate of food in the presence of the then President of India, Prana
Through our Make in India initiative, investments have been given extensive support from other programmes like Digital India and Skill India.
This is in addition to the sum of Rs 100 crore announced by the Home Minister on 12 August 2018.
In this regard, he mentioned the agreement on 5 and 6 units of the Kudankulam nuclear power plant.
We have just introduced the law in a manner that is lawful.
He emphasized the importance of effective news for a vibrant and happy country.
He said, "Wishing the people of Meghalaya on the special occasion of the State Establishment Day.
The Prime Minister said that today, Jan-Dhan Yojana has completed three years.
I know how much damage any political party can do if an action against black money is taken to eliminate fake companies.
In India, if we compare the effects of the cyclone in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be clear.
This is not only the highest FDI so far but also the highest increase in FDI in India.
It seems like it's a life-death question.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the links between the two countries have gained considerable momentum in the last few years
This new tradition of public participation for our country is our effort to advance the country through public participation.
The Prime Minister stressed that action is essential after the enactment of laws and acts.
He said that the officials present at this conference today have provided the right leadership despite working in a negative environment.
This has saved crores of rupees of the large consumer class associated with the poor and middle class.
We are also aware of Japan's tremendous contribution to the development process in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa
He also discussed his efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development.
The Centre has assured the Bihar government of all possible assistance to deal with the flood situation.
He said that the youth of India is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights.
Let us shape our partnership and reconciliation in such a way that it ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and
The goal of India Net is to make internet connectivity available to the end-users in the country.
The Prime Minister also mentioned his visit to the cell yuler prison and the point where Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose had chant
Commending the various social initiatives being undertaken by the Dawoodi Bohra Society, the Prime Minister said that the Government has
He said that the areas near the sea could become the centers of our blue revolution.
It is sad that for a very long time we have called the events of 1857 simply an insurrection or a soldier's ins
I first of all congratulate the newly elected Deputy Speaker, Shri Harishash Singh Ji, on behalf of the
I will also visit religious sites that have cultural ties with India.
Even today, India is one of the countries that sends the most troops to the various peacekeeping forces of the United Nations
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
I wish all the countrymen the best of luck on this holy festival.
The Prime Minister said that the emphasis is on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and spiritual connectivity for the entire North East
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry is popular all over the world.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
He worked hard for Delhi's progress, especially to ensure better infrastructure.
Today, solar energy is gaining popularity in India.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of 9 infrastructure projects in the rail, road, petroleum and energy sectors.
A new medical college will be opened between each 3 districts.
The Unum-Pavva of Chhat-Puja is completely connected with nature and nature worship.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but it has also emerged as a country that is
Secretary Carton informed the Prime Minister of the progress made towards the decisions and consultations taken in June this year.
This work was continuous to create a sense of inferiority in us by lowering our culture.
He said that it is also a responsibility to carefully preserve the maximum amount of water.
He expressed hope that all people will work together to complete this project in the shortest time.
He said that the government is giving considerable importance to innovation and research.
He urged the people to use Bhim app and adopt cashless transactions.
Even the common citizen, when he comes to this earth, has a different kind of divine sensation.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic smoke.
We had started the process of full membership in the Tashkent meeting last year.
There is an increased welcome to maternity leave.
We are improving administration by increasing access to digital technology to improve distribution to the bottom of society.
He has given priority to the quality of every drop of water.
The Prime Minister mentioned his own progress initiatives to monitor the project.
Another important aspect of this project is that about a thousand women and 23 transgender people are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being adopted under the overall education campaign.
The purpose of this recognition is to ensure that doctors of the Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries/Depart
The Prime Minister said that the government's campaign against black money is a bold and decisive step.
He said that the cooperative movement is a coordination with the nature of Indian society.
He said that this goal has been achieved in about 17,000 villages recently.
Some people have taken advantage of the money provided by the Government of India in the Manrega for water conservation and water management.
For example, our trade cooperation with Europe and South East Asia is well known.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to speed up relief and rescue operations in the state.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on 29-30 December.
I am happy that the youth are interested in learning about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who have sacrificed for this
We are very happy to have this opportunity to increase our engagement with the Bank and its members.
My personal contact with the leaders, government, industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old.
Today is the birth anniversary of Vir Savarkar Ji.
He praised the Ministry of AYUSH for setting up the All India Ayurveda Institute.
He said that all villages along the banks of the Ganga River have been made free from open toilet.
These are some examples of reforms.
He urged the children that the praise and fame they are receiving should not be a hindrance to their future progress.
He also addressed a public meeting in Luangsangbam.
They are currently travelling to different parts of India as part of the initiative called 'Knowing the Vatten'.
The armed forces across the world know the importance of supply chains.
He said that India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
Skill India aims to ensure that new people who are coming into the labour force have the necessary skills so that they can contribute to the economy
The daughters of this country are sewing clothes from ordinary to good clothes.
The presence of President Ramafosa as the chief guest on Republic Day tomorrow is a sign of our shared commitment to further strengthen our ties.
It was the unparalleled leadership of Atal Ji, who laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of
As a popular business hub, it also ranks high in the ease of doing business rankings.
Furthermore, under the new law, any application challenging the decision will be settled by the court within one year.
I want to assure you that the steps taken by the government will put the country in a new league of development in the coming years
This will be the second visit of the Prime Minister to Solapur.
Recently, a scheme has been launched to bring electricity to every household in the country.
He also issued a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
The Prime Minister will issue an Innovation and Start-up Policy for Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
He expressed his happiness that the States are now hosting investor conferences.
As close neighbors, our relations are spread over many layers.
Mr. Hawking's departure is sad.
The Prime Minister also met with representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
The Prime Minister discussed cooperation between India and Israel towards new innovations in the fields of food, water, health and energy.
From this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Buddha, our brave peacekeepers have conveyed the message of peace and harm
He said that this is a sign that the world today also recognizes the relevance of Mahatma Gandhi's ideals.
He said that the Central Government is grateful to the people for helping to complete all its campaigns.
The sale of cars manufactured in India by Japanese car manufacturers is already taking place in Japan.
Our dear leader, former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji, had clearly said that human rights
This is why many letters have come about agriculture.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management at war level.
The government has taken several steps to increase investment.
People give donations to the needy in this holy month.
1971 Bangladesh's freedom struggle who doesn't know.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Forest Rights Act is being strictly implemented while taking into account the interests of the tribal population
5. Preparing the facilities for the exchange of good facilities;
The Prime Minister recalled his successful US visit in June this year.
The Prime Minister directed the construction of rural roads and the efficient and strict monitoring of their quality.
My dear countrymen, hello.
The Prime Minister also interacted with the people of Kawarathi and Kanyakumari.
The Prime Minister said in a tweet that the Centre has assured the Bihar government of all possible assistance to deal with the flood situation and
In this direction, the Government of India issued a National Transit Oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
This will provide clean fuel (PNG) to homes, industries and commercial units.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games 2018 will inspire young people towards the Games and raise awareness of the importance of healthy living
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and discusses the development priorities for the future.
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand the importance of water conservation.
The Prime Minister stressed that the youth of India honours Sardar Patel and his contribution to the construction of our nation.
The rapid growth of plants is in the interest of producers.
We are moving rapidly towards renewable energy generation.
Both countries are contributing to creating a more connected and vast world together than ever before.
And therefore, the state government is being given a lot of help in enhancing infrastructure in the state.
He also recalled the contribution of Indian community members to the independence movement of Kenya.
This is not fair to our rich experience and abundantly available design talent.
The people shared the troubles caused by the storm with the Prime Minister.
My dear countrymen, once every 12 years, the flower of blue curinji is blooming in our country.
Now, in some parts of the world, Lord Jagannath Ji's Rathyaitra is celebrated.
Several important bills were passed during this session to benefit the youth and backward communities.
The agreement will assist in the collection of revenue claims made by both countries.
It is natural for everyone to be proud of this great tradition of India.
Dr. Abdul Moumen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh.
India and Russia recognize the establishment of a multi-polar world in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of developing inter
The two leaders also agreed that given the extensive developmental experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China as two important countries
This law will play an effective role in preventing cases of crimes against women and girls.
Solar PV is more energy efficient than all other energy sources.
Bilal Dar, the age is small but it is an inspiration for everyone who is interested in sanitation.
During this operation, a Thai Navy soldier lost his life.
The growing depth and diversity of our relations is more evident than the legitimacy of our Look East Policy and the New South Policy of
New laws have been made, old laws have been tightened.
The Prime Minister said that the government's focus is on providing affordable healthcare system for the poor.
If we are aware, we will be able to prevent our children from returning to those paths of violence and atrocities.
For centuries, our ancestors have lived it.
Now that Kisan credit card will be converted into RUPAY card, the farmer will be able to buy and sell from his
We are also working together on reforms of the UN Security Council.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made in bilateral cooperation in the field of defence technology.
He believes that the rise of India and China as two vast economies and important powers, together with strategic and decision-making freedom
He appreciated the spirit and hard work of the people of the Nicobar Islands in building the island after the tsunami.
He urged all the authorities to step up the adoption of Government e-Market (GIM) in their respective departments.
He said that this creative environment should be used to build a fast New India.
He said that the new format of the conference has improved the quality of discussion.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
But knowledge is still our best guide.
He also worshipped at the Sri Padmanabh Swami Temple.
The Prime Minister met with the Chief Minister of the State, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan and officials of the State Government to review
He was committed to eliminating injustice and inequality from society.
I was reading an old interview with Sam Manekshaw, a great military officer of India.
In India, we are increasing connectivity at all levels.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
The Prime Minister described the traditional, cultural, trust and friendly relations between India and Israel.
Earlier this year, he was honoured with the Padma Shri.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have the opportunity to do social work among the tribals in his youth.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
Since the time of Upanishads, people have been respected for centuries.
They were an inspiration to activists like me.
The obstacles that were previously encountered during the decision process and approval have been removed.
The members shared their views on the long history of both countries as well as on the maritime relations between them.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from PM-Kisan Yojana.
Atal Ji was a true patriot.
Shri Narendra Modi said during the dialogue that the Dinadayal Antyoday Yojana-National Rural Ajivikya Mission
This decision should be made within six months during the fast track process.
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
Trade and investment relations between us are becoming more and more strong.
My condolences to the people who lost their loved ones in the loss of life due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-B
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will also launch the air service between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
Every young player is a New India identity.
The Prime Minister also expressed his respect for the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dr Mahathir Mohamad.
Our security forces have been given full independence.
The Prime Minister visited various routes in the city in the evening to evaluate development works in Varanasi.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who gave their lives for the defense
Friends, Inflation has also benefited the poor and middle class consumers from the inflationary measures.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
The Prime Minister told the members of the USISPF board that India and the US have benefited considerably more from economic cooperation.
There is no shortage of talent in the country.
He had incorporated almost all aspects of Hinduism into just 11 sections.
People are speaking on their own behalf and on their own.
The Prime Minister discussed Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards cleanliness.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today attended the Cooperation Conference in New Delhi on the occasion of the birth centenary of Shri
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the entry into an Agreement on Mutual Cooperation between the
I wish you success in your endeavours.
The Prime Minister said that a National Police Memorial has also been set up in addition to the National War Memorial.
It provides for the creation of a framework and a conducive environment for understanding each other's powers, markets, technology, policies,
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, new vigor, new upliftment, new energy.
The women are empowered, and now they are also becoming armed.
Many state and central level taxes have been abolished across India.
The European Investment Bank has contributed one billion euros to environmentally sustainable projects in India, including the Lucknow Metro.
The Indian market has immense size and growth potential.
During this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk to the millions of students, parents, teachers from across the country and abroad
I am confident that World Food India will help us take some concrete steps in this direction.
In fact, 1.25 billion people in India are just as close to the people of Japan.
This MoU was signed on July, 2017.
He expressed his joy at the presence of large number of Japanese companies in India.
The Pika Rebellion was carried out in Odisha in 1817 against the British Raj.
In this context, he discussed India's digital infrastructure and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-N
He said that these steps are bringing about change in the lives of ordinary people.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are given great importance in Ramadan.
I will attend the events held in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
These heroes gave themselves for the protection of one hundred and fifty crore Indians.
Reiterating his view, the Prime Minister said that the two countries are a strong and important link in promoting bilateral relations between the
He also praised the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir openly sanitary.
A pro-alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
He did incredible work for the service of refugees in Delhi after the partition.
And then he printed some selected letters from it.
He said that Half Kumbh will show how New India embraces both heritage and modernity.
In a few days we will celebrate the first International Sunami Awareness Day.
In many parts of the country, the weather has been improved by heavy rains.
Secondly, a series of Jansuushdh Centres were launched across the country.
India has shown tremendous resilience in the global economy, where uncertainty is continuing.
Apart from farming, he can also earn money by selling electricity from solar farming.
There was a time in the past when some Indian products gained global reputation.
The committee also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to eradicate corruption in the government system through demonetisation and anti
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is now beginning and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games.