She rendered her services to thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in the inaccessible areas there.
India has had strong strategic ties with all three countries.
He said that the efforts of the Indian diaspora have ensured respect for Indian passports everywhere.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a huge fan of football.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of a sewerage network project in the western part of Agra under the 'AMRUT' scheme.
This will add up to 15 per cent of the total gas produced in Assam.
In a natural way, we all experience how things progress.
That's why we're constantly working to improve our investment environment.
The tenth Guru of the Sikhs - Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for the people through his teachings and ideals.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Central Government Ministries.
There are also plans to hold bilateral meetings with the participating countries during the BRICS summit.
The event featured a mass recitation of Soundarya Lahari.
I want to see this kind of reading and library movement all over the country.
He said that people should get to know about the local history and the archaeology of their cities and regions.
Different education boards across the country will begin the process for Class X and XII board exams in the next few weeks.
Both sides took stock of the recent investments made by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East.
In the year 2001, Atal ji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
The Prime Minister asked to speed up the work related to the redevelopment of railway stations and do constructive work in the field of non-fare revenue.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate Agreement as a shared heritage of the entire world and hoped that it will be a new ray of hope for the next generation.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the process of cooperation.
The Prime Minister mentioned the expansion of infrastructure related to basic health services, road networks, oil and gas pipelines.
His achievement is special because he made his challenge the medium of his success.
This time in the monsoon session, everyone has put together a model.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with a house with toilet, water and electricity facilities by 2022.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the necessary national legal requirements for the entry into force of this Agreement have been met.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das created history by winning the gold medal in the 400 meters race at the ongoing Junior U-20 World Athletics Championships in Finland.
It is on the foundation of good knowledge that a comprehensive framework of a better society should be built.
First of all, I express my deepest condolences to those who have died due to the recent earthquake in Aceh.
I will be in Jakarta on 29 May at the invitation of the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo.
Not only me, but the whole of India, and the whole of South Africa, is eager to hear the views of the President.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
This is the fourth such event in a series of interactions by the Prime Minister through video bridge with beneficiaries of various government schemes.
Institutions also contributed to it in a big way.
23. Both sides appreciated the efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the states of India and the regions of Russia.
People affected in disaster and after disaster are using social media to help each other.
The Prime Minister said, "It gives me immense pleasure to join the closing ceremony of the Narmada Seva Yatra at Amarkantak in Madhya Pradesh tomorrow afternoon.
He said that we not only have to give up on reaching the ultimate goal as a country but also work together to eliminate the social stigma associated with this disease.
He said that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
Ujjwala Yojana for clean energy to the people of the country, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojana for financial inclusion are a reflection of this spirit.
The Swachhata Hi Seva campaign launched today aims to create greater public participation towards cleanliness.
The popularity of these events grew over time.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a section of the new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro on 25 December.
But this is my first time coming to DefExpo.
My young friends, you are well aware that I keep on 'Mann Ki Baat'.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and amity.
The Prime Minister said that hygiene is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
Similarly, social justice is also an important governance goal.
Efficiency in the use of energy is essential.
In fact, from Kanyakumari to Kashmir and from Kutch to Kamrup, from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these three-four months are examinations.
During the last two financial years, we achieved about $55 billion in FDI.
The single window support cell provides support to foreign investors.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
November 26 is our Constitution Day.
The government debt burden as a percentage of GDP is steadily decreasing.
Let us take the positivity forward.
He appreciated the security equipment being used in the security of the country.
The MGNREGA budget also comes in handy for this water conservation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
The Prime Minister's Relief Fund will provide assistance at the rate of ₹2 lakh to the family of each deceased and ₹50,000 to the seriously injured.
For this, they need a lawyer specializing in mediation.
He said the Tarakot route will provide an alternate route to Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which will facilitate pilgrims.
Our partnership will extend to combating terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation to attend our first ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
After hockey, there was good news for India in badminton as well.
We support a common approach to ensuring peace and security and shaping the world order that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens the unity of humankind.
The Prime Minister stressed on ensuring maximum benefits for the poor and downtrodden sections of the society under the scheme.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards furthering national integration.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sectors.
A postage stamp on 'Ramayana' was released by him on the occasion.
A Chair for Indian Studies has been established at the University of Lisbon.
Sitting together and accepting the langar aroused a sense of unity and equality among the people.
He said that organizing such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of debate among our youth.
In 1947, the Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was established to encourage students to continue their studies.
First, the prices of 850 essential medicines were controlled and the prices of equipment used for heart surgery and knee surgery were reduced.
Otherwise, the kitchen budget of the common citizen of the country would have increased a lot had inflation continued to rise at the same pace as it was in the previous government.
The exhibition showcases more than a hundred good practices and imitations.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in the region.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
He also said that the government will ensure that adequate agricultural credit is available.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a time-bound manner.
Similarly, on 25 December, the death of Sulagitti Narasamma of Karnataka was reported.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
We are a young country.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
Our festivals also teach us social values.
He laid the foundation stone of the institute in April 2015.
My best wishes to all the students appearing for the examination, their parents and all the teachers.
Brothers and sisters, Similarly, some farmers of the hilly region of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for farmers across the country.
In search of peace from the stresses of modern life, people often start consuming drugs such as tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs.
Minister of Energy, Saudi Arabia
He said that Kashi is now emerging as a health centre.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
For a strong partnership base, we support thriving bilateral trade and investment flows.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world are fixed on India and yoga for a permanent solution to these problems.
GST will accelerate efficiency in furthering long-distance transport by removing physical barriers at state borders.
He also interacted with some of the researchers and beneficiaries.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that both IQ (Intellectual Skills) and EQ (Emotional Skills) are of great importance in student life.
Under that scheme, our poor brothers and sisters will get loans, grants, subsidies from the government.
The International Conference of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is being held in California, USA this year.
Even if it is 2 minutes, it also expresses collectiveness, resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
6 labour and 3 environmental laws have been changed so that young entrepreneurs are now only required to provide self-attested documents.
Speaking about the progress made so far towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed so far.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke about the benefits of the PM-SYM scheme.
In this event, apart from 13 medals, we won 3 more medals in the mix event.
Let us now join hands much closer and stronger.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
Supply chain efficiencies are critical in any manufacturing enterprise.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even in the case of regional cooperation between like-minded countries, the sky has no bounds.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
India's core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
He unveiled a logo for the launch of the 'Save Mother Earth and Transfer to Next Generation' programme.
I am happy that Bhupen Da has been awarded the Bharat Ratna.
You have imbibed our culture and made it your own.
He called for a university for the overall development of these 100 villages.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
He said that this industry is an important part of India's growing reputation in the world.
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring a positive change in the lives of common people.
Friends, Our shared heritage of culture and trade will be stronger in the future as will the emotional bonds between us.
In fact, we have now entered what many have dubbed the 'Asian Century'.
The beneficiaries explained how the reduction in the cost of heart stents and knee implants has transformed their lives.
Countries that leave behind their heritage also lose their identity.
The Prime Minister will also release the blueprint of the Harit Rameswaram project.
This decision of the government will give more loans to small shopkeepers, small industries.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
Cooking gas prices will also be decided by the market.
The Prime Minister has also greeted the people of Andhra Pradesh.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish vendor.
In November last year, India hosted the first ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
During the last three years, we have worked tirelessly on the ease of doing business front.
Previously, eighty to ninety large merchants had access to the world's raw diamonds through Belgium, Africa, and Israel.
Excellencies, We appreciate your vision and leadership in taking our country out of the crisis and on the path to economic prosperity.
In fact, it was the third largest source of foreign direct investment during the last three years.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions so that commercial matters can be settled at the earliest.
The Prime Minister will reach Port Blair on the evening of 29 December.
More than 90 per cent of FDI approvals are being granted through the automatic route.
Both these sites are living proof of the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the common people of India and Nepal.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for the sake of peace our soldiers fought all over the world.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organisations working to protect the environment.
Culture and people-to-people contact
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy on cooperation in the field of Renewable Energy.
The Prime Minister said that there is no dearth of capabilities, capabilities and resources in India.
Mr. Joe Yuelle-Draw briefed Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation.
"Saddened by the loss of lives due to landslides in Bangladesh.
He said that through this conference, the top police officers get a holistic view in understanding the problems and challenges.
Shri Modi said that medicines are being available at Jan Aushadhi Kendras at 50-90% lower prices than the market rates.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro fare card and app.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
We are also carrying out the work of reconstruction and rejuvenation of Dal Lake.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful means and dialogue.
The Prime Minister said that with the efforts of the government, India has emerged as a shining star of the global economy.
Today, cross-border transactions are steadily increasing due to e-commerce and increasing trans-border mobility of people.
On the advent of the holy month of Ramadan, I extend my warm greetings and best wishes to the people of India and around the world, especially to the Muslim community, on this holy month.
"A warm welcome and best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup," the Prime Minister said.
71 countries of the world including India participated in it.
You're right.
The growing convergence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to provide new impetus to the global economy.
There is an occasion to worship Maa Durga.
You all know that when we successfully put in orbit for the 'Mars Mission', the entire mission was for a period of 6 months.
At the same time, a scheme was launched to unearth black money.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
He saw an important place for the youth in the field of nation-building.
The two leaders also agreed to jointly contribute to sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development and food security and others in a positive and constructive manner.
This is the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
"Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful test firing of Agni-V.
He said the central government attaches the highest importance to the development of eastern India.
I hope that at every level, at all times, as much emphasis is placed on rights as on duties.
This is the 5th Indian Science Congress to be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after assuming charge as the Prime Minister, in keeping with the Prime Minister's vision to promote the spirit of science, technology and innovation across the country.
He said that apart from the sugarcane sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
The choices we have today will define our collective future.
As we have done, we are still counted among the fastest growing economies in the world.
197 million bank accounts were opened in a year.
However, legal reforms can yield the desired results only if an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
If you put knowledge at the center, you try to incorporate a lot of things into yourself.
India can proudly say that in India's army, not only the male power in the armed forces, but also the female power is contributing equally.
As of May 2018, more than 50 million women have been mobilized in 4.5 million self-help groups.
"The benefits of India's success are also available to our partners!
He said that these noble deeds require close coordination and constant monitoring.
He said that as a result of these programmes, India has jumped 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last 4 years.
From my experience, we have to rely on people's leadership to achieve better results.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of unifying India.
Brothers and sisters, In this year's budget, a big decision has been taken to give farmers a fair price for their crops.
India has emerged as a hub for start-ups and innovation.
Communication between us has increased at every level.
"I extend my best wishes to all of you on National Voters' Day.
I appealed to people to give each other a book instead of a bouquet of good wishes.
Jan-Dhan Kranti is the historic movement to bring the poor, the oppressed and the underprivileged into the financial mainstream.
Strong person-to-person contacts and the presence of a large Indian diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for these relationships.
Record growth in the last two and a half years
The Russian side offered expertise in tax-collection with the help of satellite-based technologies, taking into account joint projects in India, incorporating the framework of the industrial corridor mentioned above.
You can also be a big catalyst agent in increasing the country's tourism by using this time from the month of October to the month of March.
He said that the Quit India Movement, which began in 1942, was the decisive movement.
All major agencies such as the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) have projected India's growth rate at 7 to 8 per cent in the near future.
At the same time, the people here also have a deep understanding of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
This love of yours is like a blessing.
Kochi ranks first in terms of the number of domestic and international tourists visiting Kerala.
The next step in this movement should be to convert waste into a valuable product.
This will save about Rs 27 lakh worth of fuel per day.
It is also necessary to have a framework of co-operation for expeditious action in cases involving consumers from other countries.
You see, if everyone in a state says so, I would ask the government to scrutinize it and prepare propaganda literature on what seven common things have come from each state.
We have full faith in the valour and bravery of our soldiers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Health Day.
"Saddened by the tragic incident in Etah district of Uttar Pradesh.
From a foreign investor's point of view, India is considered an extremely low-risk political economy.
Cyprus is the eighth-largest investor in India.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's thoughts have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
You act as an interface between the government and tax paying citizens and companies.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and confidence.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of the mission.
The two leaders also agreed to pursue bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements existing between the two countries.
His father raises his family by picking garbage.
I heartily congratulate the school people of Chandrapur, these young friends of mine.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of solidarity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in the world.
It has the power to change the weather of the entire country.
This is his third Super Series Premiere title after Indonesia Open and Australia Open.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
Referring to the 10 per cent reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister said it was a step in the right direction.
Now the corporatisation of the company has become a matter of a day.
Dear countrymen, 1st February 2017 marks the completion of 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said that the agriculture sector suffers greatly in the absence of infrastructure.
"Warm greetings to all soldiers, veterans and their families on Army Day.
The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today is in addition to the Rs 280 crore given to Tamil Nadu and Rs 76 crore given to Kerala earlier this month.
The UAE is one of our most valued allies in a significant part of the world, and a close friend.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar's words that we must build a social democracy along with our political democracy.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays early in the morning through yoga.
He said that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made Swachh Bharat Mission the world's largest mass movement.
Specialized arbitration bar associations need to be developed.
Reviewing the progress of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government's commitment towards providing housing for all by 2022.
Most of the complaints are related to poor service quality, connectivity, and service interruption of landline connections.
You can enjoy a stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the divine environs of Parmarth Niketan.
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
Maybe, these words of mine today will also work as a relaxation for you.
He stressed that 'We, the People', that is, we the people, must also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian - the Constitution - has for us.
We both agree that all countries need to take urgent action against nations that create terrorism in our region, support, shelter them, and allow these factories of terror to persist.
The expectations of the country at this time, the feelings of passing something, are also natural.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting at Dharamshala in Kangra district.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
Our armed forces have always displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
Our players gave a great performance and on the basis of this, India has become the Asia Cup champion after ten years.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremism in 2016-17.
This will prove to be extremely important for both the countries considering the shared cultural heritage of both the countries.
The number of air passengers in the aviation sector has reached 282 million per year.
During a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach and a Humsafar rake.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to meet these goals.
India can be a better partner in this regard.
You are the leader of a great nation.
When India is clean, healthy, only then will India prosper.
Therefore, the Indian Ocean occupies a special place in the policies of the government.
At this time, the entire country stands with the people of the North East.
Thousands of children made paintings.
He also said that several announcements have been made in the budget to meet this objective.
I am confident that a strong India and a strong Japan will also bring stability to Asia and the world.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed the shared commitment to strengthen the time-tested and unique relationship between India and Mauritius.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to the Make in India event.
India's test was successful and in a way, India had demonstrated its strength in the field of science and technology.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment ties, we revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
This is the first time since independence that such a scheme has been introduced.
Your generation has also faced constant hardships.
The remarkable work done by Captain Nishad for the empowerment of the poor will always be remembered.
The Varanasi Convention Centre project is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto, Japan, and Varanasi.
Due to demand and technology, there is also a huge change in the nature of jobs in our country.
When I read Savarkar ji's' Maji Janmathe ', a book, it inspired me to visit the Cellular Jail.
We look forward to continuing our engagement with our other development partners, including AIIB.
Under this scheme, interest subsidy will be provided to the borrower on the loan amount up to two lakh rupees.
Thereafter, he witnessed an audio-visual presentation of the experiences picked up by the selected beneficiaries of the welfare schemes of the Government of India and Rajasthan.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji is not only the first Guru of the Sikhs but he is also the Jagat-Guru.
And ultimately there has to be greater international coordination to deal with disasters.
I see immense potential for investors that has not yet been tapped.
They collectively believed that a peaceful, stable and balanced relationship between India and China would prove to be a positive factor amid the prevailing global uncertainty.
He said that there is a strong need to create proper blueprints at the district level so that we can understand our diverse talents and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
Friends, In my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very wide.
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from the PMO, NITI Aayog and other ministries.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Small and Medium Business Corporation of Russia.
Earlier, he condoled the loss of lives due to forest fires in Portugal.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
In 2016, a special campaign was launched to identify leprosy.
The government is firmly committed to follow the path of fiscal consolidation.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are strong examples of this.
He hailed the Prime Minister as a great leader and a "world leader."
Along with this, it has also been approved to remove the name of this company from the list of the Registrar of Companies after adjusting the remaining liabilities of TSPL.
There were even attempts to erode the confidence of Indians in them.
Nikki Haley conveyed US President Trump's best wishes to Prime Minister Modi during the meeting.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen a close developmental partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner for national modernization and further enrichment of their people.
Member countries can use the Labour Research Institutes and Social Security Cooperation Framework of the BRICS countries for cooperation on social security and other labour related issues.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India strives to ensure that food processed in India meets international standards.
He encouraged the jawans to do new things so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
Our slogan is more crops, reflections.
We will cooperate fully.
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss an opportunity to meet each other.
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
The Prime Minister interacted with the personnel of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police and the Indian Army and presented them sweets.
So many young people leave their homes for the first time, to give a new direction to their lives.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than $7,000 per year.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
Stable, predictable, and transparent laws and regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
Authorities are working to provide all possible assistance in the aftermath of the storm.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
The UAE can benefit from being associated with the growth of our manufacturing and services sector.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
In just a few hours, we will all welcome the New Year of 2017.
As far as 2017-18 is concerned, 55 percent of the total expenditure of 64 thousand crore rupees i.e. about 35 thousand crore rupees has been spent on works like water conservation.
Prime Minister Modi will dedicate to the nation the modern and expanded Bhilai Steel Plant during his visit.
Now this is the great strength of our tourism.
To create world-class universities in the field of education, we have taken a major step towards freedom from shackles.
Friends, It is also very heartening to see the United Nations come forward as an ally in this entire process.
She is also doing a skill development course along with it.
I would also like to express my gratitude to UNCTAD for taking this initiative of India forward with strength and playing an active role in bringing it to this form.
We are also working tirelessly with mutual cooperation to mainstream solar energy as an international solar alliance.
The freedom struggle is more connected to the spirit of our people.
This will boost the production of high-quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
He said that the Union Government aims to develop Northeast India as a gateway to Southeast Asia.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have greatly benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
The former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam ji always talked about Nanaji Deshmukh's rural development when he spoke to the youth.
In India, as in most emerging economies, our challenge will grow both horizontally and vertically.
46. Together, we will build an India that is free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
It has become the world's main growth engine.
He said that this decision will pave the way for a huge amount of money in the development of mineral-rich districts.
State governments should take strict action against those who are resorting to violence in the name of cow protection.
The Prime Minister talked about topics such as climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of the discussion.
Broken into a small nomadic community in the isolated areas of the Nilgiri Plateau of South India, their settlements are traditionally made up of locally available items.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with a new resolve, with a new determination, all of you must have come together once again in your daily life.
The Prime Minister said that student organisations should give more importance to cleanliness during the campaign for university elections.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of metro rail.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius, Mr. Pravind Jugnauth, will be the Chief Guest at the 15th edition of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Conference.
Sister Nivedita started cleaning drains and roads without worrying about her health.
Tababi Devi, a 16-year-old young player, hails from a village in Manipur.
Shri Modi said that on humanitarian grounds, five solar and one thousand rupee old notes will be accepted for last rites in government hospitals, medicine shops of government hospitals (with doctor's prescription), railway ticket booking windows, government buses, air ticket booking windows, petrol, diesel and gas stations of public sector oil companies, central or state government-approved consumer cooperative stores, state government-approved milk booths, crematoriums and cemeteries.
In this context, he also discussed his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka this morning on 17 October 2018.
He was an effective voice for the aspirations of Karnataka in Delhi.
Dr. Haier was accompanied by senior officials of the bank.
We need to support such initiatives through policies and actions.
7. Any other area of cooperation on the basis of mutual decision.
Of these, one million are associated with the diamond industry alone.
You may recall that India's performance at the Asian Games this time was also excellent.
The Prime Minister also said that Bhuj, like other metros of Gujarat, will have a modern bus port.
I once again extend my best wishes to everyone.
The agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also made effective plans for this at its own level.
One has to go out of the house for the first time, out of the village, out of a protective environment and become one's own charioteer.
There was a demand for a constitutional seat to the OBC Commission for years.
The outer zone is still quite strong.
He termed GST as "Good and Simple Tax" which will ultimately benefit the people.
Under the 'Ayushman Bharat Yojana', the government of India and the insurance company will together spend 5 lakh rupees in 1 year for the treatment of about 10 crore families i.e. about 50 crore citizens.
India has over 300 million middle-class consumers.
Gradually, work will progress in that direction.
Many of our festivals uniquely embody the spirit of saving rivers and water.
It showed how historically the people of India and ASEAN are interconnected.
We are also partners in South Africa's skill development efforts.
Our special emphasis has been on implementing the various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation between the two countries in the areas of energy security and food security.
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
Of these, the first front is related to infrastructure such as highways, railways, etc., while the second front is ensuring that the benefits of development must reach the general public.
I am confident that the business partnerships they will establish will add momentum to our trade relations.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am happy to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the off-region areas under this project.
Brothers and sisters, Irrigation projects are progressing.
He said that the Central Government has constructed five crore toilets in the last 3 years.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
Today, it is becoming increasingly difficult to live a stress-free life because of lifestyle, because of complacency, because of increasing responsibilities.
Chief of the Army Staff General Dalbir Singh was present on the occasion.
In fact, the incident was not only underestimated but was also an attempt to hurt our self-esteem.
The Prime Minister encouraged the Assistant Secretaries to imbibe the best from their experiences while engaging with various Ministries in the times to come.
Trade unions thus recognised will be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
But it is good that the rainy season is moving ahead in its footsteps on time.
Our past has always been moderately woven inward.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the banking system.
Working together, we want to take our mutual relations to a future-oriented partnership for people, prosperity and peace.
Currently, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
Even after so many obstacles, Rajini did not give up and continued to learn boxing.
The government has launched a series of transformational initiatives.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Today, we live in an interconnected world.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Expo.
The AMRUT Mission also covers 33 cities in Tamil Nadu.
Interacting with them, the Prime Minister briefed them about the steps taken by the Union Government towards improving connectivity and infrastructure in the state.
As developing countries, our challenges are similar.
It is a matter of happiness for me as I, along with my partner and friend President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, had the opportunity to jointly inaugurate this conference.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
I hope that the new course will further strengthen the financial skills of newcomers to this profession.
In addition to this network, various universities will be able to carry out specialized research work in these two areas on disaster issues, which will prove to be more relevant.
He said that sanitation is a simple measure for preventive health care.
This app is also beneficial for traders.
Praising the Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that it was a privilege for him to be associated with the community.
The ban on jallikattu imposed by the Supreme Court was discussed during the meeting.
Food processing is the way of life in India.
These are some of the questions I want to leave to you to answer.
The Prime Minister said that he had fulfilled the promise of 'One Rank One Pension' for ex-servicemen and was happy to be able to fulfil it.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
The Prime Minister said that new AIIMS are being set up to provide better access to healthcare.
The Prime Minister said that the common man can associate himself with Adi Shankaracharya's creation - Soundarya Lahari.
For how many years did the law hang on the benami property holders?
He said that projects worth Rs 12 lakh crore have been speeded up in this way.
We are also happy to share with you India's holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
I myself will be a candidate in this election.
Later in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared a revised copy of the idea.
This Rudraksha will be a garland of affection from Japan for Varanasi.
He appealed to all present to work towards 100% sanitation coverage by Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, 2nd October, 2019.
In the 23rd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of consumer-related grievances.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
To make our comprehensive strategic partnership objective and action-oriented, we have shaped an ambitious roadmap.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister of Portugal António Costa visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon today.
This reduces their productivity.
In this context, he pointed out that all government clearances, including construction permits, are being issued faster than ever before.
Today, we remember and salute their courage.
This has hindered the growth of interstate trade.
He said that the effort to transform the tourism sector is a continuous effort.
The Prime Minister said that postmen have long been a respected and accepted figure in villages.
In many parts of the country, our jawans and farmers had stood up in protest against injustice, showing their bravery.
It is, therefore, the endeavour of the government to ensure subsidised healthcare to every citizen.
We are with the bereaved families.
His spirit of dealing with natural calamities from storms, tornadoes, floods to forest fires and helping the countrymen has been amazing.
The Indian soldiers showed the world that they were second to none when it came to war.
In the interest of the country, when all the parties work together, the decisions are also good, quick, and the results are also good.
We have taken many decisive steps and created a governance system that will help India realise its potential.
National flags of several countries were hoisted there simultaneously.
In order to fulfill this motto of Sabka Saath-Sabka Vikas, the government is bringing some new schemes for 125 crore citizens of the country on New Year's Eve.
Some send photos of the children's efforts, while others tell a story of the team efforts of the youth.
Our domestic market is fragmented.
This month of October is the month to remember so many of our great men.
But having the opportunity to talk to you is an even greater honor.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that there is a long interaction between the senior-most and the junior-most officers.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support in the discharge of his new responsibilities.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering for celebrating Dhanwantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Day.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering, which will include farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials and public representatives.
In his message, he said, I pay homage to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
He said that a few months ago, a national strategy has been prepared to create a strong infrastructure for research in artificial intelligence.
The efforts made by Captain Nishad for the progress of Bihar have been extremely remarkable.
Oil ministers in developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
He also talked about the work being done towards cleanliness and the work being done to enhance the beauty of the city.
A list of 26 islands has been prepared for overall development.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
This time it was unforgettable for me to celebrate Diwali with the security forces in the Gurez sector of Jammu and Kashmir.
Speaking to the media at the Ahmedabad airport, the Prime Minister said that Gujarat has faced heavy rains in the last week.
He said that this event has been organized to honour the women Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
This will result in increased competition efficiency and the influence of our marketing companies.
I hope this will help us move forward.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome recent financial and banking challenges.
As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders stressed the importance of strengthening security and defence cooperation between the two countries.
But we know that we have restricted democracy to the ballot paper.
On a mutually agreed date, the award will be presented to Mr. Modi by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation.
A 10% to 5% tax is a bold decision.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
The construction work of IIT, IIM, AIIMS, is going on at a rapid pace.
New Tamil Nadu is not possible without New India.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Ghazipur.
Prime Minister Modi will also lay the foundation stone of the North Regional Centre Campus of the Indian Institute of Mass Communication in Jammu.
These are also our values.
Strategic partnership
This is another area that can become a link to further connect our societies.
For example, under India's housing programme, a target has been set to build 10 million houses in urban areas.
He said he was committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
I pray to God for the recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Most of the beneficiaries said that their standard of living has improved significantly.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia had even talked about mass awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities and all that for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
Highlighting the importance of healthcare and wellness, the Prime Minister said that health is the basis of all success and prosperity.
From cause lists to case law, the lawyer's library is now a click away from your mobile.
But let's not forget that it's not just government, money, planning, power that gets the job done.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a joint venture between the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
Continuous availability of water is important for agriculture.
Today we are gathered here with the belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
You will also know how many administrative and financial steps the government has to take in the construction of highways.
New systems are born.
I have fond memories of working with Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu in the party and government.
We have set a target of ensuring capacity addition of 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022.
President Temer's visit will open the way for cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
The birth anniversary of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
His unwavering courage and patriotism have secured our country.
Not only this, we are the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
The Prime Minister said that yoga improves concentration.
The Prime Minister encouraged them to devote their energies to working with other government agencies to improve the quality of life of the people in their respective villages.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jharkhand, at a function in Sindri.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Union Government has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
Under the Integrated Horticulture Development Campaign, support will be provided to farmers for re-sowing of horticultural crops that have been damaged.
He also elaborated on how all government schemes and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
It takes years for a case to be decided.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that Mahatma Gandhi's favourite bhajan Vaishnav Jan was sung by artists from 150 countries all over the world.
Whether it is grandparents or grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations should do yoga together and upload their picture.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of K. Karunanidhi.
First of all, many congratulations to all of you for the International Conference on such an important topic as Consumer Protection.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event organised by the Press Council of India, on the occasion of National Press Day.
But the rain is waiting.
The Prime Minister recalled their meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
The people of Meghalaya have made significant contributions to our country.
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
Both sides emphasised the importance of continuing the multilateral dialogue on the subject within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional forums.
Manpower is considered to be the very form of God.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in the state due to various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Scheme, and Saubhagya.
Noted nationalist and Tamil poet Subramania Bharati has been noted for his revolutionary poem Pudumai Penn, New Women and Women's Empowerment.
It is changing the supply perspective;
In this context, the Prime Minister also talked about the initiatives taken in the field of air connectivity and water connectivity.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister what teachers should say to parents who are stressed out about their children's exams and have unreasonable expectations.
Whenever there is talk of hockey in the world, the story of hockey will be incomplete without these great players of India.
We stand in full solidarity with Portugal in this hour of grief.
The Indian community in Portugal has been instrumental in deepening our bilateral relations.
Kochi was selected as a smart city in January 2016 under the first round of the challenge process.
The National War Memorial also remembers the soldiers who made the supreme sacrifice in peacekeeping missions and anti-anarchy operations.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as the AIIB can play a significant role in helping mobilize the necessary resources.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
Best wishes.
You must have also been happy and satisfied to hear about such a huge sale of Khadi and hand-loom at the same store.
'Pariksha Pe Charcha 'was a feature of this that there was an open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
India has been home to many ascetics who served and reformed society.
It is, therefore, an honour for me to welcome a close friend and ardent supporter of India.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
We have to take people along, people along, every section of the society along, and with that we have to take the country forward.
If possible, we elders of the family also go out in the open and play with these children.
Members of the Club de Chef de Chef (CCC), the chefs' club of heads of state from around the world, called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today.
It is playing a huge role for Gramodaya.
The Prime Minister said, "Rani Lakshmibai is an inspiration for every Indian.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest traders and workers through GST, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The Prime Minister laid special emphasis on the shared values between India and Japan.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum and exhibition, and the visitors' gallery.
He also distributed PM-SYM pension cards among the beneficiaries.
1.25 billion Indians look forward to welcoming the leaders of ASEAN countries as our chief guests at India's 69th Republic Day celebrations.
The second edition of the Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held in Yangon today and tomorrow.
He said that dynamic change is needed to bring about a change in the system.
We know how the fruits of progress and prosperity are distributed among the common man.
He also mentioned the Defence Production Joint Ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and frigates.
His visit is significant for both countries as our strategic partnership completes a decade.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is the honour of the people of India.
Giving a befitting reply to those who mocked the Prime Minister's Swachhta Abhiyan announcement from the Red Fort, he said that today due to the elaboration of the Swachhta Abhiyan, 97 per cent of the population now has access to clean toilets.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
"I bow to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
It is said that the inspiration was Sister Nivedita.
I begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
We have exceptional political and people-to-people ties with every country in the ASEAN region.
He told the students that they should think of innovative solutions to the problems faced by the people.
Chhath Puja is associated with the worship of the sun in rivers and ponds.
He said that during the last three to three and a half years, the central government has worked to fulfil that vision of social democracy.
The coming together of so many countries on International Yoga Day reflects the true essence of yoga - togetherness.
He dedicated to the nation, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone of various development projects in Rae Bareli.
The Prime Minister said, "My thoughts are with those affected by the floods in various parts of Bihar.
His game has made us all proud.
Value addition in tourism will only happen when we try to be a learner and not just a visitor.
It was during his tenure that the timing of the presentation of the budget was changed.
The Prime Minister will release a document highlighting the achievements of the government.
Citing the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the potential to solve people's problems.
The Prime Minister said "this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifice of the people of our country for freedom."
The use of this bridge will significantly improve connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and significantly reduce travel time.
Tomorrow, today and tomorrow will be such a lucky coincidence that yoga will get a new dimension.
This will not only facilitate the movement of trains but will also help in the all-round development of the Bundelkhand region.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
The salient features of this tunnel are as follows:
Almost all the countries of the world made this opportunity of yoga their own.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the love he received in Kutch was unparalleled.
Sister Nivedita also cooperated with the great scientist Jagadish Chandra Basu.
You have never had an opportunity like this in your life.
At an event in Bhopal earlier this month, the Prime Minister had highlighted the humanitarian aspects in our brave jawans.
We will work shoulder to shoulder with countries in these regions to deal with disasters.
The Ayushman Bharat scheme will provide vast investment opportunities in health infrastructure, medical device manufacturing, and healthcare.
So a lot of new people must have been trained - to vote.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path of wellness from illness.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
These projects pertain to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
Somnath has 20,000 followers on social media.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets to improve the country's tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) started its funding-related operations in January 2016.
My condolences to the families of the deceased.
Diwali brought a special experience for me this time too.
He said that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign is underway to provide a permanent house to the poor in cities and villages.
When you read inside, you will learn how today our youth try to change the life of an ordinary person by using technology smartly and creatively.
This year also, let us try to organize 'Run for Unity' in our village, town, city, metropolis.
This was the fourth dialogue in a series of five such dialogues.
This shows our commitment to provide houses to the poor, to the middle class.
He inaugurated the Luangpokpa multi-sport complex, Rani Gaidinliu Park and other important development projects.
The same game is known by different names, in different places.
He said that the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these objectives.
My Government's Act East Policy places the region at the heart of cooperation.
Now a lot of positive change is being seen in the society regarding digital transactions as well.
As an experienced parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
Seven countries in the Asia Pacific region are among the top ten countries with the highest number of deaths due to the disaster.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Incubation Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
Promoted to create infrastructure and the Government of India has implemented the 'Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana'.
We are the second largest exporter of shrimp in the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries.
He later addressed a huge public meeting at a function organised to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
I am happy that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
During the last three years, everyone has made efforts in their own way towards water conservation and water management.
The grid is part of the government's plan to provide affordable and quality gas to the entire northeastern region.
He congratulated all those associated with the construction of this statue.
Ekta has won Gold and Bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
Millions of people also take a dip in the holy rivers on Makar Sankranti.
Some people told me that a few days ago, in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, more than three lakh people joined the cleanliness campaign at once.
All the best to you for today's contest.
For this, we are strengthening the entire ecosystem of our administrative system.
Inspired by his vision, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) was constituted on 12 October 1993.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit on 14 September at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhi Nagar, Gujarat.
Aviation fuel demand is expected to quadruple by 2040, driven by growth in the aviation sector.
The poison of casteism, the poison of sectarianism, can never do good to the country.
Singaporean companies have become key partners with India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities, and infrastructure development.
130 crore Indians will give a befitting reply to every such conspiracy, every such attack.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar for a lifestyle of discipline and development.
We are now a globally integrated economy.
He said that the commitment of India and Bangladesh against cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
Friends, Till now, importers from India had to go abroad to see and buy raw diamonds.
India has moved up 42 places to be in the top 100 of the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Report 2018 over the past three years.
Major financial agencies have also given their positive feedback about India's growth.
The Prime Minister said that it is important to identify the "last in line" so that the benefits of governance reach them.
This in itself is a living example of a changed environment.
Now the effort is to get the banks back to normal as soon as possible in the new year.
The Prime Minister directed the insurance companies to conduct special camps to assess the losses and compensate the affected families and beneficiaries under social security schemes within a stipulated time.
India's economic interests can be better served by the large number of arbitration experts and lawyers available.
School children belonging to Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
We have done good work in the field of wildlife conservation.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
The Prime Minister said that these efforts of the Foundation reflect the importance of the transformation from 'me' to 'us' when we think of society above ourselves.
Excellencies and I have discussed ways to shift our energy relationship in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
This year World Environment Day seeks to address a very important challenge.
India and Cyprus share the same objective of early reform of the UN Security Council.
All the best and blessings to Hanaya.
Jayalalithaa ji's love for people, concern for the welfare of the poor, women and the marginalized will always remain an inspiration.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to improve the system from time to time.
In this way, national assets will be put to the best use in the national interest.
He has carried forward this movement with great purity.
These experiences will enrich your life.
Today, 11 August is associated with an important date for history.
Both sides welcomed the setting up of a pharmaceutical plant by the Advanced Pharma Company in Russia.
He reiterated India's commitment to a strong and robust bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
I had appealed to change the brain-drain to brain-gain.
He said that the Central Government and the State Governments would be keen to popularise sports.
Kerala also has some of the oldest colleges, schools, and libraries in the country.
It's a good start.
Both sides committed to continue mutual support and coordination in various fora, including in BRICS and ITU.
The practice of yoga creates a sense of oneness - the unity of mind, body, and intellect.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okha and Bait Dwarka.
Social media is changing disaster response.
The Prime Minister said that over three lakh companies have come under the scanner due to the investigation of data mining that took place after demonetisation.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
The Prime Minister elaborated on how the Union Government has kept its focus on ensuring "Ease of Doing Business" as well as "Ease of Living for the citizens of the country."
The identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to progress around the world, but retain their Indianness.
He also congratulated those who have allowed their land around the temple to be authorised for the project.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
The Prime Minister said that if someone thinks that not going to a place will prolong his chief minister's tenure and going to a place will shorten his tenure, then such a person is not at all entitled to become the chief minister.
Both sides expressed satisfaction at the long-standing cooperation between Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
He also listed out the steps to be taken to improve 'ease of access to justice'.
It has the potential to create a better society and nation.
It was Veer Savarkar who fearlessly wrote that whatever happened in 1857 was not a rebellion but the first war of independence.
He said that just as Sardar Patel ensured political integration of the country, GST will ensure economic integration.
The heroes of London's India House, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with fanfare.
He said that India will be great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
We will also interact with the BRICS Business Council, hosted by industry leaders from all five countries.
Therefore, I am surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has made a bilateral visit to Portugal so far.
They have shown that when the goal is set, the motivation is high, and the resolve is in the mind, it can be accomplished.
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said that our minds are not ready to accept that Shri Vajpayee is no more with us.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017-18 has been 7. 7 per cent.
In the same period, 11,641 additional habitations have been connected by roads.
• If the law is doing its job, then we have to work unitedly towards those who are looking for a way out by talking about political conspiracy.
We are bringing our importance to the world today through the 'Tejas' aircraft.
The efforts of the UN to establish peace in the world, its positive role is remembered by everyone.
The Prime Minister said steps such as the Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush have played an important role in reducing mortality.
Biofuels actually reduce the dependence of imports on crude oil.
He said India's water cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan.
My dear countrymen, Ganeshotsav is coming up in a few days.
It is estimated that there are more than two crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
Incorporation of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Mizi) in place of 'Momba' in serial number 9.
I assure all possible help from the government.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together in this direction.
He had invested his entire life's earnings just by relying on one of your signs.
Shri Modi will unveil the plaque to mark the service for the 3 billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Temple.
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve a lot in the game of football.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distance between the two cities, but will also bring people living hundreds of kilometers away closer to each other.
So I would like to be aware of your thoughts on this present direction of education and its future.
So far, progress data of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries have been displayed on this portal.
These, as well as other changes, have received the attention of the global community.
You celebrate Indian festivals in your own way.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters at this sad hour.
The ability of the NDRF to handle the situation with their commitment and quick decisions has become a new center of reverence for every Indian.
Our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country increases when a work like Encyclopedia of Hinduism is made available in different languages.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any collateral or guarantee.
I hope the industry will be in constant touch with him.
We now count among the most open countries in terms of foreign direct investment (FDI).
He said Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore is as much from Bangladesh as he is from India.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
Within hours, the video generated a tremendous amount of interest on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook.
In Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul's state-of-the-art chocolate plant.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
Investors are expecting growth and macroeconomic stability.
January, February, March, April - all these months are the testing months in every family.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the reforms undertaken in India in recent times.
Consequences of convening the budget session
The Indian delegation led by Shri Suresh Prabhu, Minister of Commerce & Industry and Civil Aviation participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in September 2018.
Being partners in democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and vision for regional and global peace.
Whether it is the thousands of feet high mountains of the Himalayas or the sun-warmed deserts, yoga is enriching every life, in every situation.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
The Prime Minister will first launch the new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
He taught people the importance of cleanliness and service through his works.
The Prime Minister will then leave for Odisha.
This can only happen if long-term investments are made in the business to create job opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of taking pride in our history and our archaeological heritage.
This has resulted in an even larger partnership of Japanese industries with the Indian economy.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving the matter related to the terrorist attack.
Today everyone is joining this campaign of Fit India.
In the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in terms of complaints and redressal related to post offices and railways.
We have to further strengthen this legacy.
During the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we facilitated the smooth repatriation of over 90,000 Indian nationals from about 54 countries.
Unusual because Swati and Nidhi were serving Maa-Bharati when her husband was martyred.
We will be hosting a Global Mobility Summit this year.
He says that the role of parents in the examination is very important.
I will also address the Indian community.
India invites them to provide economic opportunities to the world in our country.
That is, in a way, a system is being created to connect the farm with any market in the country.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is essential for development today.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram through video conferencing.
A training institute is also being built along with the high-speed rail project.
I have shared with you a strong commitment to take our bilateral relations to a new level.
Even hairstylists are deciding the hair designs of their clients.
We have accelerated policy formulation in this area.
The Prime Minister noted the tremendous technological progress made by Israel, and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
I am thankful to Akbar Sahib.
But we are in independent India.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that "playing with future generations would be an immoral and criminal act."
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our Jawans security forces deployed along the border.
This has been possible due to the close cooperation between the central government and the state governments as well as all the political parties.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, his father encouraged him by putting all possible means into it.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop contacts with the people around them and those they meet in the course of their duties.
His greatest contribution to the freedom struggle was that he made it a mass movement.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
"Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
The first requirement for a healthy life is cleanliness.
He said that implementing it is a complex task that could be the subject of study for the future.
As part of the government's plan to ensure clean drinking water supply for all, the Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of a pipeline water supply scheme in rural areas of the Bundelkhand region.
Both sides underscored the importance of enhancing cooperation in the aluminium sector.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but has now expanded to the capitals of our states.
We remember with pride the sacrifice of our army.
On behalf of the people and farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the government of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
The project is significant in the sense that it will provide water supply to the drought-hit Bundelkhand region.
I now conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
The government is also working towards the goal of every person in the country having their own house by 2022.
He said a new economic system is being developed on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, which will transform the entire region into a single economic zone.
In the movement of the freedom struggle, every sector of the society, every section of the people dedicated themselves to the call of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional assistance to India on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
He recalled that the Central Government had earlier launched the 'Jan Dhan Yojana' to ensure financial inclusion.
The entire world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
The emphasis was on women's empowerment and respect for women.
Shri Narendra Modi mentioned the various projects being undertaken in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors and said that these projects have made tremendous progress and have improved the lives of the people in Varanasi and adjoining areas.
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
He went to different countries of the world and raised his voice against the misinformation being spread about Sanatan Dharma and philosophy.
Prime Minister Modi said, "I will meet President Halimah Yacob of Singapore on 1 June.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
They will not be spared.
The Prime Minister performed a special puja under the Statue of Unity.
He welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
This railway line will prove to be Tripura's gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
It is inspired by the teachings of truth of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of the tribes during the next five years.
He also spoke about the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
Creating a business-friendly environment and attracting investments will continue to be my top priority.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
Capital expenditure in infrastructure projects has increased by 49 per cent this time compared to last year.
He said that the projects being inaugurated today are very auspicious for the cooperative union.
The Bharatmala Yojana aims to improve road connectivity by building national corridors and highways.
Excellencies, I warmly recall our meeting in August 2015 and February last year.
It is rapidly helping agencies and this makes it easier for citizens to get in touch with the relevant authorities.
The staff of the UN, diplomats of the world, everyone participated in it.
This is change.
Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
Today, these diseases are known as lifestyle disorders.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
The Prime Minister spoke of the work being done towards modernising the transport infrastructure.
Plastic is now becoming the biggest threat to humanity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
In response to a question from a team working on creating rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where there is equal opportunity for all.
No matter what the business is, its sole purpose should be consumer satisfaction.
Every year, an average of ₹32,000 crore has been spent on water conservation and water management, excluding the MGNREGA budget.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan forward.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
In 2016, the Akshaya Patra Foundation served the 2 billionth meal plate in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
Investments through our 'Make in India' initiative have received extensive support from other programmes such as' Digital India 'and' Skill India '.
This is in addition to the amount of ₹100 crore announced by the Home Minister on 12 August 2018.
In this regard, he mentioned the agreement for units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
Only recently did we proceed with the formalization of the law.
He stressed the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy country.
"Greetings to the people of Meghalaya on the special occasion of their Statehood Day.
The Prime Minister said, "Today, Jan-Dhan Yojana completes three years.
And I know how much an action against black money can do to any political party to eliminate shell companies.
In India, if we compare the effects of cyclones in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be visible.
This is not only the highest ever FDI but also the highest ever increase in India's FDI.
It seems to be a question of life and death.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that over the years, relations between the two countries have gained momentum.
This new tradition of public participation for our country... It is our effort to take the country forward through public participation.
The Prime Minister stressed that action is important once laws and acts are made.
He said that the officers present in today's conference have provided the right leadership despite working in an atmosphere of negativity.
This is also saving crores of rupees of the large consumer class belonging to the poor and middle class.
We are also aware of Japan's tremendous contribution to the development process in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa.
They also exchanged views on their own efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development.
The Centre has assured all possible assistance to the Bihar government to deal with the flood situation.
He said that the youth of India is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights.
Shape our partnership and reconciliation in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and touches your lives as well.
Bharat Net aims to provide end-to-end internet connectivity in the country.
The Prime Minister mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had unfurled the tricolour 75 years ago.
Praising the various social initiatives being taken by the Dawoodi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that the government has made several efforts to ensure that the living standards of the citizens, especially the poor and needy, are improved.
He said that areas near the sea can become the epicentre of our Blue Revolution.
Sadly, for too long, we simply referred to the events of 1857 as the Mutiny or the Sepoy Mutiny.
First of all, on behalf of the House and on my own behalf, I heartily congratulate the newly elected Deputy Chairman, Shri Harivansh ji.
I will also visit religious places that have cultural links with India.
Even today, India is one of the largest troop senders among the various United Nations peacekeeping forces.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
Best wishes to all the countrymen on this auspicious festival.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis has been laid on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and emotional connect for the entire North Eastern Region.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry is popular all over the world.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
He worked better for Delhi's progress, especially to ensure better infrastructure.
Today, solar energy is gaining popularity in India.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of 9 infrastructure projects in the rail, road, petroleum and power sectors.
A new medical college will be opened between every 3 districts.
The unique festival of Chhath Puja is fully associated with nature and the worship of nature.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but has also emerged as a country that is eradicating poverty at the fastest pace.
Secretary Carton briefed the Prime Minister on the decisions taken in June this year and the progress made towards the discussions.
It was a constant act of demeaning our culture and making us feel inferior.
It is also a responsibility to conserve as much water as possible carefully, he added.
He hoped that everyone will work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
He said that the government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
He urged people to use the BHIM app and adopt cashless transactions.
Even the most ordinary citizen, when he comes to this earth, has a different kind of, a divine feeling.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic fumes.
We started the process of full membership at the Tashkent meeting last year.
An increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
We are improving governance by increasing access to digital technology to improve end-to-end delivery in society.
He has given priority to the importance of every drop of water.
The Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
Another important aspect of the project is that about a thousand women and 23 transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi metro rail system.
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being adopted under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
The objective of this approval is to ensure that doctors of Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries / Departments / Central Government Institutions work exclusively in areas of specialization on attaining the age of 62 years.
The Prime Minister said that the government's campaign against black money is a bold and decisive step.
He said that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
He said that this target has been achieved recently in about 17,000 villages.
MGNREGA, which is funded by the Government of India for water conservation and water management, has been well received by some.
Our trade cooperation with Europe and Southeast Asia through spices is world-renowned.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to further expedite the relief and rescue operations in the state.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in December.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in knowing about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who sacrificed for this country.
We are very pleased to have this opportunity to enhance our engagement with the Bank and its members.
My personal contacts with Japanese leaders, government, industry, and people go back almost a decade now.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar ji.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for establishing the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
He said that all the villages located on the banks of the river Ganga have become open defecation free.
These are some examples of improvements.
He requested the children that the praise and fame you are getting should not become a hindrance in your future progress.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luangsangbam.
He is currently travelling to various parts of India as part of an initiative called 'Vatan Ko Jano'.
Armed forces all over the world know the importance of supply chains.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers to the workforce have the necessary skills so that they can contribute to the 21st century economy.
The daughters here, today, are sewing from ordinary to fine clothes in addition to their own and their family's clothes.
The presence and participation of President Ramaphosa as the Chief Guest on Republic Day yesterday is a symbol of our shared commitment to further strengthen our relations.
It was Atal ji's unparalleled leadership that laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the 21st century.
As a popular business centre, they also rank high in the Ease of Doing Business rankings.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the judgment will be disposed of by the court within a year.
I want to assure that the steps taken by the government are going to put the country in a new league of development in the coming years.
This will be the second visit of the Prime Minister to Solapur.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household in the country.
He had also released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
The Prime Minister will release the Innovation and Startup Policy for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
He expressed happiness that the states are now organizing investor conferences.
As close neighbours, our relations span many layers.
The passing away of Mr. Hawking is sad.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers' Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
The Prime Minister discussed cooperation between India and Israel towards innovation in areas such as food, water, health, and energy.
From this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Buddha, our brave peacekeepers have spread the message of peace and harmony across the world.
He said this is an indication that even today the world acknowledges the relevance of Mahatma Gandhi's ideals.
He said that the Central Government is determined to complete all its campaigns with the help of the people.
Cars manufactured in India by Japanese carmakers are already on sale in Japan.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji, had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
That is why so many letters have come about agriculture.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
The government has taken several steps to increase investment.
People donate to the needy during this holy month.
Who does not know the struggle for the independence of Bangladesh in 1971.
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Forest Rights Act is being implemented strictly keeping in mind the interests of the tribal population.
Preparing hospitals for the exchange of good facilities;
The Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
The Prime Minister directed efficient and strict monitoring of the construction and quality of rural roads.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
The Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti and Kanyakumari.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister said, the Union Government has assured all possible support to the Government of Bihar in containing the flood situation and the situation is being closely monitored.
Towards this end, the Government of India issued a National Transit Oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
This will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries, and commercial units.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games-2018 will inspire the youth towards sports and raise awareness about the importance of a healthy life for every individual.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and deliberates on future development priorities.
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand its importance very well.
The Prime Minister stressed that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel and his contribution to the building of our nation.
The rapid growth of other systems is in the interest of producers.
We are rapidly moving towards renewable energy generation.
Together, the two countries are contributing to creating a more connected and wider world than ever before.
And therefore, the state government is being helped a lot in increasing the basic facilities in the state.
He also recalled the contribution of members of the Indian community to the Kenyan independence movement.
This is not justice with our rich experience and abundant design talent.
People shared with the Prime Minister the hardships caused by the storm.
My dear countrymen, the Neelakurinji flower blooms once in 12 years in our country.
Now the Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated in some parts of the world as well.
Several important bills benefiting the youth and backward communities were passed in this session.
The agreement will support revenue collection claims made by both countries.
It is very natural for everyone to be proud of this great tradition of India.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on the recent progress in bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of development of interstate relations in the 21st century.
The two leaders also agreed that given the vast developmental experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China, as two important countries and emerging economies, should join hands to take the lead in providing unique and sustainable solutions to address the challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
This law will play an effective role in curbing cases of crime against women and girls.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
Bilal Dar is young but a source of inspiration for everyone interested in cleanliness.
A Thai Navy jawan also lost his life in the entire operation.
The increasing depth and diversity in our relations is more evident from the comparability between our Look East Policy and the New South Policy of the Republic of Korea.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made more stringent.
The Prime Minister said that the focus of the government is to provide an affordable health care system for the poor.
If we remain vigilant, we will be able to protect our children from returning to those paths of violence and tyranny.
Our ancestors have lived it for centuries.
Now that the Kisan Credit Card will be converted into a RUPAY card, the farmer will be able to buy and sell from his card anywhere.
We are also working together on UN Security Council reforms.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made in bilateral cooperation in the field of defence technology.
He believes that the simultaneous rise of India and China as two large economies and important powers, including strategic and decision-making freedom, is of regional and international importance.
He praised the spirit of the people of Nicobar Islands and their hard work in building the archipelago after the tsunami.
He urged all the officers to accelerate the adoption of Government e-Marketplace (GIM) in their respective departments.
He said this creative environment should be used to build a New India at a faster pace.
He said that the new format of the conference has significantly improved the quality of discussions.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
But knowledge is our best guide even today.
He also offered prayers at the Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple.
The Prime Minister held a meeting with the Chief Minister of the state, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan, and officials of the state government to review the situation arising out of the floods.
He was committed to eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
I was reading an old interview of Sam Manekshaw, a great military officer of India.
In India, we are increasing connectivity at all levels.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
The Prime Minister described the traditional, cultural, trust and friendly relations between India and Israel.
Earlier this year, he was awarded the 'Padma Shri'.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have got an opportunity to do social work among tribals in his youth.
Bilateral cooperation in the food processing sector between India and Japan will mutually benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
Knowledgeable people have been respected for centuries since the time of the Upanishads.
He was a source of inspiration for activists like me.
Barriers previously encountered during the decision-making process and approval have been removed.
These members also shared their views on the long history of the two countries as well as mutual maritime links.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-KISAN scheme.
Atal ji was a true patriot.
During the interaction, Shri Narendra Modi said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana-National Rural Livelihoods Mission has been launched in all the states.
The decision should come within six months during the fast track process.
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
Trade and investment relations between us are getting stronger.
My condolences to those who lost their loved ones in the loss of lives due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will also launch an air service between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
Every young player is the identity of New India.
The Prime Minister also paid tributes to the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dr. Mahathir Mohamad.
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
In the evening, the Prime Minister visited various routes in the city to evaluate development works in Varanasi.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our jawans who laid down their lives to protect the country after independence.
Friends, The poor and middle-class consumers have also benefited financially by curbing inflation.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
The Prime Minister told the board members of USISPF that India and the US have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
There is no dearth of talent in the country.
He incorporated almost all aspects of Hinduism into just 11 volumes.
Both for and against the subject, people have their say.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards cleanliness.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Sahakar Sammelan to mark the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar, in New Delhi.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for entering into an Agreement between Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on Mutual Cooperation.
I wish you success in your endeavours.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been established.
It provides for frameworks and conducive environment for understanding each other's strengths, markets, technology, policies, etc.
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, new zeal, new enthusiasm, new energy.
Women are strong, now they are also becoming armed.
A number of state-level and central-level taxes have been abolished across India.
The European Investment Bank has contributed one billion euros to India for environmentally sustainable projects, including the Lucknow Metro.
The huge size and growth of the Indian market holds immense potential.
In this Town Hall program, I got an opportunity to talk to crores of students, their parents, teachers of the country and abroad through technology.
I am confident that World Food India will help take some concrete steps in this direction.
In fact, the 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the people of Japan.
The MoU was signed on July, 2017.
He expressed happiness at the presence of a large number of Japanese companies in India.
The Paika Rebellion was waged in Odisha against the British Raj in 1817.
In this regard, he talked about India's digital infrastructure and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
He informed that these steps are bringing a change in the lives of common people.
Prayer, spirituality, and charity are given great importance in Ramadan.
I will attend events in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
These bravehearts sacrificed themselves in the defence of 1.25 billion of us Indians.
Reiterating his vision, the Prime Minister said that facilitators are a strong and important part of promoting bilateral relations between the regions and provinces of the two countries.
He complimented the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir open defecation free in September 2018.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
He did incredible work to serve the refugees in Delhi after partition.
And then they printed some selected letters out of it.
He said that Ardha Kumbh will showcase how "New India" encompasses both heritage and modernity.
In a few days, we will celebrate the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
The weather has become pleasant with torrential rains in many parts of the country.
Secondly, a series of Jan Aushadhi Kendras were started all over the country.
India has shown tremendous resilience at a time when the global economy is in a period of uncertainty.
At any time other than farming, he can also earn by selling electricity from solar farming.
There was also a time in the past when some Indian products gained a global reputation.
The committee has also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to make the government machinery corruption-free through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is starting now and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games.