In Karnataka, especially in far-off, remote places, thousands of women availed of her services.
India has a robust strategic partnership with all the three countries.
He added that their efforts have ensured that Indian Passport is respected everywhere.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a big football fan.
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of sewerage network project for the western part of Agra. under AMRUT scheme.
Once inaugurated this facility will deliver 15% of the total gas produced in Assam.
We now experience how something grows naturally.
Therefore, we are continuously working to improve our investment climate.
The Tenth Guru of Sikhs- Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for many through his teachings and ideals.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
Bilateral meetings with participating countries on the sidelines of BRICS meetings are also planned.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the entire country.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
In the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and twelfth standards.
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
In the year 2001, Atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
The Prime Minister called for speeding up of work related to redevelopment of Railway Stations, and greater creativity in the generation of non-fare revenue.
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate agreement as a shared heritage of the whole world, and this generation’s contribution to the hope of future generations of mankind.
The mechanism of Japan Plus has also helped in the process of hand holding.
The Prime Minister mentioned the plans to expand the healthcare infrastructure, road network, and oil and gas pipeline infrastructure in the State.
Her achievement is all the more special because she has made the imposing challenges in her life the key to her success.
In the Monsoon session, this time, everyone jointly presented an ideal approach.
PM will inaugurate Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
We aim to provide every poor and homeless household a house with toilet, water and electricity by the year 2022.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
Just a few days ago, in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland, India’s brave daughter and a farmer daughter Hima Das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400-meter race event.
The foundation of good knowledge should be followed by a super-structure of a better society.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
Not only me, whole India and whole South Africa is eager to listen to the thoughts of the Hon’ble President.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically.
23. The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions.
In disaster after disaster, affected people are using social media to help each other.
“I am delighted to join the programme to mark the conclusion of the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow afternoon.
He said that as a country, we have to leave no stone unturned to not just reach the last mile but also to work together to eliminate the social stigma attached with this disease.
He added that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
Ujjwala Yojna for Clean Energy, Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojna for Financial Inclusion reflect this spirit.
The Swachhata Hi Seva movement, launched today, aims at generating greater public participation towards Swachhta.
Such events gained more popularity with the passage of time.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
But for me, this is the first time at Def-Expo.
My young friends, you know very well that I regularly do my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that democracy’s greatest strength is harmony and amity (मेल मिलाप).
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness, or Swachhta, is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
Similarly, he said, social justice is an important governance objective.
It needs efficiency in energy use.
Actually from Kashmir to Kanyakumari and from Kutch to Kamrup and from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these 3-4 months have examinations galore.
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
A single-window facilitation cell provides handholding for foreign investors.
After the review, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore to the State.
The 26th of November is our Constitution Day.
Government debt as percentage of GDP is consistently declining.
Come, let us take positivity forward.
He commended the country’s security apparatus for the work they are doing in securing the country.
Budget under MNREGA is also utilized for this water conservation activity.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
Financial assistance worth Rs.2 lakh will be provided to the family of each of the deceased while assistance worth Rs. 50,000 will be provided to the persons who are seriously injured in the flood hit areas.
For this, they require specialized arbitration lawyers.
He said that the Tarakote Marg would provide an alternative route to the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation for our first-ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
After hockey, good news for India also came in badminton.
We favor the same approaches to ensuring peace and security and shaping a global architecture that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens unity of humankind.
The Prime Minister stressed on providing maximum benefit to the poor and marginalized sections of society, under this scheme.
This award would be given for outstanding efforts to further national integration.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
He released a postal stamp on “Ramayana,” on this occasion.
We have set up a Chair for Indian Studies in University of Lisbon.
Partaking of LANGAR together created a feeling of unity & oneness in people.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
The Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was set up way back in 1947 in order to encourage promising students to continue their studies.
First, the cost of 850 essential medicines were regulated and the prices of heart stent and equipment for knee surgery were reduced.
Otherwise, the rate at which the Inflation was rising during previous government’s tenure it would have resulted in huge rise in the budget of the common citizen’s kitchen.
The exhibition showcases over a hundred good practices and applications.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in this region.
This number is expected to double in the next ten years.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learnt of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
We are a young Nation.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
Our festivals, impart to us many social values.
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015.
My best wishes to all the students who’re going to appear for their examinations, their parents and all the teachers as well.
Dear brothers and sisters, in this very way, some farmers from hilly areas of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for the farmers across the country.
The quest for solace from the stresses of modern life, often drives people to tobacco, alcohol, or even drugs.
Minister for Energy, Saudi Arabia
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
He called upon the people of Pakistan to tell their rulers to fight corruption and fake notes.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
We regard thriving two-way trade and investment flows as the bedrock of a strong partnership.
The world looks to India, and to Yoga, for a durable, and sustainable answer to these problems.
By removing physical barriers at state boundaries, GST will accelerate long haul transport and further increase efficiency.
He interacted with some innovators and beneficiaries.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
The Prime Minister explained the significance of both the Intellectual Quotient, and the Emotional Quotient, in the life of a student.
Under our scheme, our fellow villagers will get loan from the government, grant, and subsidy.
The International Convention of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj is being held in California, United States of America, this year.
This 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
Six labour laws and three environmental laws have been changed so that young entrepreneurs need to provide only self-certification.
Speaking about the progress towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
Let us join hands even more closely and strongly.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
The efficiency of supply chains is a key factor in any manufacturing enterprise.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even the sky is not the limit when it comes to regional cooperation among like-minded countries.
PM will inaugurate the upgraded Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
India’s core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
He unveiled a logo to mark the launch of “Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation” programme.
Happy that the Bharat Ratna has been conferred on Bhupen Da.” the Prime Minister said.
You have soaked our culture and made it your own.
He also called upon the University to work towards overall development of these 100 villages.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
It is one of the key elements of India’s rising soft power status, globally, he added.
The Prime Minister said the bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of the common people.
Friends, strengthening of our emotional bonds will also strengthen our shared cultural and trade heritage.
In fact, we are now living through what many have termed the ‘Asian Century’.
Beneficiaries also talked about how reduced prices of heart stent and knee transplants have changed their life.
Those nations who leave their heritage behind, are destined to lose their identity, he added.
PM will release a synopsis of the Green Rameswaram Project.
This decision will enable better access to credit for small shop-owners and small enterprises.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
Cooking gas price is also determined by the market.
The Prime Minister also extended his wishes to the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Her father is a labourer and mother a fish-seller.
Last year in November, India organized the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
Excellency, we commend your vision and leadership for taking your country out of this crisis and on to the path of economic prosperity.
In fact during the last three years it has become the third largest source of Foreign Direct Investments.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
More than 90 percent of the FDI approvals have been put on automatic route.
They are living testimony to the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the peoples of India and Nepal.
This was a war in which India was not directly involved yet our soldiers fought world over, just for the cause of peace.
We salute the will and determination of all those individuals and organisations working towards protecting the environment.
Cultural and People-to-People Links
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on India-Italy Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Italy.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, capacities and resources.
Minister Le Drian briefed the Prime Minister on the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
“Saddened by the loss of lives in Bangladesh due to landslides.
He said this Conference is helping top police officers get a more holistic view of problems and challenges.
The Prime Minister said that medicines are available at fifty to ninety percent lower price than the market rates at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
President Temer’s visit provides an important occasion to work on a roadmap to achieve this.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
The work of reclamation of Dal Lake is also going on.
They called for all issues related to the Iranian nuclear programme to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
The Prime Minister said that the efforts of the Government have led to India emerging as a bright spot in the global economy.
E-commerce and trans-border mobility of people is resulting in increased cross border transactions.
I convey my hearty greetings to all fellow Indians and everyone across the world, especially the Muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of Ramazan.
“A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
What you say is right.
The growing conver-gence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the capacity to stimulate the global economy.
It is a time for praying to Ma Durga.
You may be aware that when we had successfully created a place for the Mars Mission in orbit, this entire mission was planned for a duration of 6 months.
During the same period a scheme to declare black money was introduced.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
He saw a vital place for youngsters in the realm of nation building.
They agreed to jointly contribute in a positive and constructive way in facilitating sustainable solutions for global challenges including climate change, sustainable development, food security etc.
This will be the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
I hope that the amount of emphasis that is given to the rights at every level during most of the time, is also given to discussing duties of citizens in an emphatic manner.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
He said that besides the sugar sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
The choices that we make today, will define our collective future.
As we have done so, we continued to remain one of the fastest growing major Economies in the world.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
However, legal reforms can deliver desired results only when there is an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism.
If you have pursuit of knowledge as your focal point, then by itself you try to acquire and attain a lot more.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
More than 5 crore women have been mobilized into 45 lakh Self Help Groups (SHGs) by May 2018.
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
He said that these noble causes require close coordination and constant monitoring.
These initiatives have resulted in 42-place jump in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years, he added.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
India has emerged a hub for start-ups and innovation.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
“Wishing you all on National Voters’ Day.
I appealed to people to give a book instead of bouquet as a greeting.
Jan Dhan Revolution is a historic movement to bring the poor, downtrodden and marginalised into the financial mainstream.
Strong people-to-people contacts and the presence of a large Indian Diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for the relationship.
Record growth in last two and a half years
The Russian Side offered its expertise in tax collection based on satellite navigation technologies for the realization of joint projects in India including in the framework of above mentioned industrial corridors.
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March.
He added that the Quit India Movement that began in 1942, was a decisive movement.
All leading agencies such as IMF, World Bank, and ADB are estimating India to grow at 7 to 8 percent in the near future.
There is also a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
For us in Government, this is a blessing.
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala.
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta, should be conversion of waste to wealth.
The estimated daily fuel savings are to the tune of Rs. 27 lakhs.
A framework for cooperation is also necessary to expeditiously act in cases related to consumers from other countries.
You see, if all the people of one state will do this, then I will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state.
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
“Anguished by the tragic accident in UP’s Etah district.
From the point of a foreign investor, India counts as an extremely low risk political economy.
Cyprus is the 8th largest investor in India.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
Your work is like that of an interface between the government and the tax-paying companies and individuals.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and self-confidence.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of their mission.
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their two economies.
His father earns his daily bread by waste-picking.
I congratulate these young friends and members of the school in Chandrapur, from the core of my heart.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of cohesiveness in the European Union, and its significance as a force of stability in the world.
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
After Indonesia Open and Australia Open, this win has completed the triad of the super series premiere title.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, everywhere, there is Yoga all around.
On 10% reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction.
Incorporating a company is now just a one day affair.
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said lack of infrastructure is leading to huge losses in the agriculture sector.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
· The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today, is over and above the assistance of Rs. 280 crore to Tamil Nadu, and Rs. 76 crore to Kerala, disbursed earlier this month, after Cyclone Ockhi hit the two States/UTs.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar’s words, that we should make our political democracy, a social democracy as well.
From the seashores to the mountains, people welcomed the first rays of the sun, with Yoga.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world’s biggest people’s movement.
There is need to develop specialized arbitration bar associations.
During a review of the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s commitment to provide Housing for All by 2022.
Most of the grievances are related to issues of poor service quality, connectivity and non-functioning of landline connections.
May you enjoy your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh, and the divine surroundings of Parmarth Niketan.
I am also keen to interact with the Indian Community in Portugal during the visit”, the Prime Minister said.
Of course, it is quite possible that my words this morning will act as a relaxant for you.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
We agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to decisively act against those states who generate, support, shelter and sustain these factories of violence in our regions.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
The Defense Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short span of time.
The Prime Minister will address a public rally in Dharamshala in Kangra district.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
Our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
The passenger capacity in the aviation sector has reached 282 million passengers per annum.
At a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach, and a Humsafar Rake.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
In this, India can be a valuable partner.
You are the Leader of a great nation.
A clean and healthy India will spell a prosperous India also.
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government, he added.
The entire nation stands with the people of Northeast during this time.
Thousands of children made paintings.
He added that several announcement were made in the Budget to this effect.
I am confident that Strong India and Strong Japan will also be a stabilising factor in Asia and the world.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed their shared commitment to further strengthen the time-tested and unique relationship between India and Mauritius.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and Make in India.
India’s test was not only successful but in a way, India had demonstrated its might in the field of science and technology.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment linkages, we have revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
It is for the first time since independence that such a scheme is envisaged for the crores of workers engaged in the informal sector, PM added.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
His work towards empowering the poor will always be remembered.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
With the changes in demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country has been changing.
I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail only after reading Savarkarji’s book “Maazi Janmthep”.
We look forward to our continued engagement with our development partners including AIIB.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
He then witnessed an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by select beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan.
Guru Nanak Dev ji is not only the first guru of Sikhs; he’s guru to the entire world.
And finally, bring about greater cohesion in international response to disasters.
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
They shared the view that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China will be a positive factor for stability amidst current global uncertainties.
He said there is a strong need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand the range of our talent, and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of my govt. the scope of Consumer Protection is very broad.
The high level review meeting was attended by officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
17. They welcomed the signing of the MoU between National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation.
Earlier he also expressed sadness over loss of lives in forest fire in Portugal.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
A special Leprosy Case Detection Campaign was carried out in 2016.
The Government is firmly committed to the path of fiscal consolidation.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
He described the Prime Minister as a great leader and a “world leader.”
It also provides for getting the name of the company struck off from the Registrar of Companies after setting balance liabilities of TSPL.
Attempts were even made to reduce the faith that Indians had on them, he added.
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump.
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of national modernization and greater prosperity for their peoples.
The member countries may utilize the BRICS Network of Labour Research Institutes and BRICS Social Security Cooperation Framework for cooperation on Social Security and other labour issues.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has been engaged in ensuring that processed food made in India, matches global quality standards.
He also encouraged the jawans to innovate, so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
Our motto is ‘More crop, per drop.’
We will fully support this.
Prime Minister Abe and I do not miss any opportunity to meet.
Our defence scientists too, have made India proud.
He interacted with jawans from the ITBP and the Indian Army, and offered sweets to them.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
Officials are working towards providing all possible assistance in the wake of the cyclone.
It will provide top quality healthcare to the poor, he added.
UAE can benefit by linking with our growth in manufacturing and services.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
In a few hours, we will be ushering in the new year of 2017.
If we talk of 2017-18, 55 percent of the total outlay of Rupees 64 thousand crores, which comes to around rupees 35 thousand crores, has been spent on works like water conservation.
At Bhilai, the Prime Minister will dedicate the modernized and expanded Bhilai Steel Plant, to the nation.
This is the power of our tourism.
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
It is also very heartening to see that the United Nations has come forward as a partner in this entire process.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
I would also like to express gratitude to UNCTAD for having supported India’s initiative and playing an active role in bringing it to this stage.
We are also making collaborative efforts to mainstream solar energy in the form of an International Solar Alliance.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
This will also promote the production of high quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
He said the Union Government aims to develop eastern India as the gateway to South-East Asia.
These steps have greatly benefitted not only the poor, but also the middle class, PM said.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
India’s former President Shriman Abdul Kalamji used to speak of Nanaji’s contribution in rural development while talking to the youth.
In India,as in most emerging economies, our challenge is to grow horizontally as well as vertically.
61. Our resolve is to build such an India, free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
He said this decision would unlock huge amounts of money for development of the mineral rich districts.
State Governments must act tough on those inciting violence in the name of Cow protection
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
In the isolated regions of the Nilgiri plateau in South India, a small wanderer community Toda make their settlements using locally available material only.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
Student organisations, while campaigning for university elections should give more importance to cleanliness, the Prime Minister said.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for rolling stock and signalling systems of metro rail.
Prime Minister of Mauritius Mr. Pravind Jugnauth will be the chief guest of the PBD convention.
Sister Nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads.
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur.
Shri Modi stated that on humanitarian grounds notes of five hundred and one thousand rupees will be accepted at government hospitals, pharmacies in government hospitals (with prescription of a doctor), booking counters for railway tickets, government buses, airline ticket counters, petrol, diesel and gas stations of PSU oil companies, consumer cooperative stores authorized by the state or central government, milk booths authorized by state government and crematoria, burial grounds.
In this context, he also recalled his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka today morning.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi.
He was accompanied by the senior officials of the Bank.
We need to support such initiative and leadership through policies and practices.
vii) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
Out of this, one million people are in the diamonds industry alone.
You may recall that even, in the recent Asian Games, India’s performance was par excellence.
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat.
I, once again convey my best wishes to all.
This MoU shall remain in force for a period of five years.
One of our largest states, Maharashtra, has already adopted a plan of its own in this direction.
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one’s village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of one’s life.
The demand to confer constitutional status on the OBC Commission had existed for years.
The external sector remains robust.
He described GST as a “Good and Simple Tax” which would ultimately benefit the people.
Under ‘Ayushman Bharat Yojana ‘, the Government of India and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year.
We have over 300 million middle class consumers.
We shall gradually advance in that direction.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
It depicts the way historically the people of India and ASEAN have been bound together.
We are also partners in South Africa’s skill development efforts.
We particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
India itself has been battling cross border terrorism for decades.
The first one relates to building infrastructure like Highways, Railways etc. while the other is to ensure that the benefits of development reach out to the people.
I am confident that the business partnerships that they forge will enhance the level and momentum of our commercial engagement.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
Brothers and Sisters, irrigation schemes are progressing.
He said the Union Government has got 5 crore toilets built in three years.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
Because of life style, because of the mad race to achieve success and because of increasing responsibilities, leading a stress- free life has become very difficult.
The Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Dalbir Singh, was present on the occasion.
In fact, May 1857 was not only evaluated as a minor historical incident but was also an attempt to dent our self-respect.
The Prime Minister encouraged the young officers to imbibe the best from the experiences that they would have had, during their attachment to various Ministries as part of this programme.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
But it is good that the monsoon is moving ahead on schedule on its natural course.
Our past has always been harmoniously inter-woven.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
Working together, we are determined to take our relationship forward as a ‘future oriented partnership for People, Prosperity and Peace’.
Currently,India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
Despite so many hurdles, Rajani did not lose heart & went ahead with her training in boxing.
The Government has undertaken a range of transformational initiatives.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
33 cities of Tamil Nadu have been included in the Amrit Mission.
Interacting with them, the Prime Minister spoke of the efforts being made by the Union Government to improve connectivity and infrastructure in the State.
As developing countries, we share similar challenges.
And, it is a particular pleasure to jointly inaugurate this Conference with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh.
I am hopeful that this new course will further consolidate the financial skills of new aspirants joining this profession.
As part of this network, different universities could specialize in multi-disciplinary research on disaster issues most relevant to them.
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
The App is also beneficial for traders.
Praising the Bohra community, PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community.
The ban imposed on Jallikattu by the Supreme Court came up for discussion.
Food processing is a way of life in India.
These are some questions that I wish to leave you with.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
The Prime Minister said that new AIIMS are being established to help the people get better access to healthcare.
The Prime Minister said the common man could relate to Adi Shankara’s composition – Soundarya Lahari.
The law against Benami property was lying in limbo for years.
He said projects worth 12 lakh crore rupees have been speeded up in this way.
We are also happy to share with you India’s holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
I myself will also be a candidate during this election.
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
This Rudraksh will be a gar-land of love of Japan for Varanasi.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Today, in the twenty-third meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to consumers.
The Prime Minister later inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
We have shaped an ambitious roadmap of engagement to make our comprehensive strategic partnership purposeful and action oriented.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa today jointly visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon.
It also reduces their productivity.
In this context, he mentioned that all Government permissions, including construction permits are being issued faster than before.
Today, we remember and salute that spirit.
This has hampered growth in inter-state commerce.
He said this move, which will transform tourism is a continuing effort.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted person in the villages.
In many parts of the country, our youth and farmers demonstrated their bravery whilst standing up against the injustice.
Hence, it is the endeavour of the government to ensure affordable healthcare to every citizen.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
They have always displayed a unique spirit in times of natural calamities like storms, cyclones, floods and forest fires to extend full assistance to our countrymen.
Indian soldiers showed it to the world that they are second to none if it comes to war.
When all parties work together in the larger nation interest, positive outcomes and results emerge.
We have taken decisive steps and built a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
The national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the Kumbh.
Friends, to further the principle of Sabka Saath – Sabka Vikaas, on the eve of the new year, Government is bringing some new programmes for the people.
Some listeners send photo graphs of the efforts undertaken by children whereas others mention the role of youth in these efforts.
Our domestic market has been fragmented.
The month of October is a month to remember so many of our titans.
But, it is a greater honour to have the opportunity to speak with you.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Divas.
He will address a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
“I bow to the venerable Loknayak JP on his Jayanti.
He said that a national strategy for creating a robust infrastructure for research in Artificial Intelligence has been prepared a few months ago.
Captain Nishad’s efforts for the progress of Bihar were noteworthy.
Oil ministers from developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
He also spoke of the work being done towards cleanliness and enhancing the visual appeal of the city.
26 islands have been listed for holistic development.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
Memories of Diwali celebrations with our security forces in Gurez sector of Jammu & Kashmir will stay long cherished in my heart.
Addressing the media at Ahmedabad Airport, the Prime Minister said Gujarat had faced heavy rains for the past week.
He said that this event is an occasion to honour Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the movement towards a Clean India.
The resulting competition will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome its recent financial and banking challenges.
• As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders emphasised the importance of further consolidating the security and defence cooperation between the two countries.
But we have reduced our democracy to mere ballot boxes.
The award will be presented by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
Bringing down the rate from 10 to 5 percent is a bold move.
We also exchanged perspectives on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
The work of building IIT, IIM and AIIMS is speedily going on.
New India is not possible without a New Tamil Nadu.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
PM will also lay the foundation stone for the construction of Northern Regional Centre Campus of Indian Institute of Mass Communication at Jammu through the unveiling of plaque
These are also our values.
Strategic Engagement
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
For example, the housing programme in India targets ten million houses in urban areas.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare for the poor and the middle class.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Most beneficiaries said that the there has been an overall improvement in the quality of life.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lal ji had talked of creating a mass awakening on an extensive scale about the necessary measures to ensure a better income for our farmers and provide better irrigation facilities and to increase food and milk production.
Explaining the importance of healthcare and wellness, Prime Minister said that health is the basis for all success and prosperity.
From cause-lists to case-laws, the lawyer’s library is now just a click away on your mobile phone.
However, we should not forget that all the work was not done merely by the government, money, planning or power.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a fifty – fifty Joint Venture of Government of India and Government of Kerala.
Continued availability of water for agriculture is of importance.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
Even you would be aware that how many administrative and financial steps are needed to be taken by the government for construction of highways.
New systems are emerging.
My mind is filled with memories of working with M Venkaiah Naidu Garu, in the Party & Government.
We have set a target to construct capacity of 175 Giga Watt of renewable energy by the year 2022.
President Temer’s visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
Their unwavering courage and patriotism ensured our country is safe.
Not only this, we are also the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
The Prime Minister also said that Yoga can help in improving concentration.
He encouraged them to devote their energies to work in coordination with other government agencies to improve the quality of life in their villages.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improvement in quality of life of the people.
Under the Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture, farmers would be provided assistance for replantation of damaged horticulture crops.
He also explained how Government schemes and initiatives are all aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
A single case takes years to settle.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that on this occasion, the devotional hymn Vaishnav Jan To, which was so dear to Bapu, had been rendered by artistes in about 150 countries across the world.
Grand parents, parents and children should together perform Yoga and also upload their photos.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Kalaignar Karunanidhi.
First of all, I congratulate all of you for this Regional Conference on an important subject like Consumer Protection.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a function organized by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National Press Day.
But, we are now awaiting the rains.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled their last meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
People from Meghalaya have made a notable contribution to our country.
26. The Russian Side invited the Indian Side to invest in the Russian Far East.
The Sides emphasized the importance of the continuation of the multilateral dialogue on this theme within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
Peoples’ power is, in a way, considered to be a divine incarnation.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
This is changing the supply paradigm (पैरा-डाइम);
In this context, the Prime Minister also spoke of initiatives in air connectivity and water connectivity.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister about what teachers should tell parents who are stressed about the exams of their children, and have unrealistic expectations.
Wheneverthere will be reference to Hockey,the story will remain incomplete without a mention of these legends.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in Round One of the challenge process in January 2016.
The National War Memorial also commemorates the soldiers who participated and made the supreme sacrifice in Peace Keeping Missions, and Counter Insurgency Operations.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
Best wishes.
You too must be feeling happy with a sense of satisfaction at this mega sale in just one Khadi & Handloom store.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
The number of new tax payers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
India has been home to several saints, seers who have served society and reformed it, he added.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
PM will lay foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
We have to take everyone and every section of the society along to take the country forward.
If possible, we can make the elder family members accompany these children to the playground and play with them.
Members of the Club des Chefs des Chefs (Club of Presidential Chefs from across the Globe), called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
It is playing a very important role for gramodaya.
“Rani Lakshmibai is a source of inspiration for every Indian.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan.
He visited the Museum and Exhibition, and the Viewers’ Gallery.
He also distributed the PM-SYM pension cards to select beneficiaries.
The 1.25 billion people of India are keen to welcome the ASEAN Leaders as our Chief Guests at India’s 69th Republic Day Celebrations.
The second edition of “Samvad”- Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environment Consciousness, is being organised in Yangon today and tomorrow.
He said dynamic change is needed to transform the system.
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man.
Defence production Joint Ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and frigates were also mentioned.
This visit takes place as both countries mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
The Prime Minister said that this honour truly belongs to the people of India.
In a befitting reply to those who made a mockery of PM’s announcement of Swachta Abhiyan from the Red Fort, he said that today due to extensive sanitation drive, 97% population has access to clean toilets now.
My dear countrymen, namaskar!
“I bow to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
It is said that Bhagini Nivedita was the inspiration.
Let me begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
We have exceptionally good political and people-to-people relations with each and every country in the ASEAN region.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
Chhath festival is associated with the worship of the sun, rivers and ponds.
He said that over the last three to three and a half years, the Union Government has worked towards fulfilling this vision of social democracy.
The coming together of so many nations to mark the International Day of Yoga illustrates the real essence of Yoga – togetherness.
He also dedicated to the nation, inaugurated, or laid the Foundation Stone for various development projects at Rae Bareli.
“My thoughts are with all those affected by floods in parts of Bihar.
Her game makes all of us very proud.
There will be a value addition in tourism only when we travel not only as a visitor but also like a student and make efforts to assimilate, understand & adapt.
It was during his tenure that the timing of presenting the budget was changed.
He will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
Giving the example of dairy cooperatives, he said that the cooperative movement has the capacity to solve people’s problems.
PM said “this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom”.
The bridge will enhance connectivity and greatly reduce travel time between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
It will be such pleasant blend of Yesterday, today and tomorrow that it will lend a new dimension to Yoga.
It will not only provide easy movement of trains but also help in the overall development of Bundelkhand region.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
Key Features of the tunnel
Almost all the countries in the world made Yoga Day their own.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
Bhagini Nivedita ji also helped the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
It is a rare opportunity for you people as well.
Earlier this month, at an event in Bhopal, the Prime Minister had focused on the human element of our brave jawans.
In our effort to build disaster resilience, we stand shoulder to shoulder with all the nations of the region.
Ayushman Bharat will provide immense investment opportunitiesin the areas of health infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing, and healthcare services.
So a lot of new people would have received the training for casting votes.
Friends, Yoga has shown the path of wellness to the world from the path of illness.
He laid the Foundation Stone for pipeline and road projects.
These projects are spread over several states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
Somnath has more than 2 million followers on social media.
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
AIIB started its financing operations in January 2016.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
To me, Diwali brought a special experience.
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
Even this year, we should try to organize ‘Run for Unity’ in our village, town, city or metropolis.
This was the fourth of five such interactions.
This is a reflection of our commitment to provide houses to the poor people, to the middle class.
He inaugurated the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex, the Rani Gaidinliu Park, and other important development projects.
A single game is known by distinct names at different places.
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
The Act East policy of my government puts this region at the centre of our engagement.
We can now see a positive momentum towards digital transactions in India.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
Seven of the top ten countries in the world in terms of number of deaths due to disasters are in the Asia-Pacific.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Puraani Kashi; and an Atal Incubation Centre at BHU.
Government of India has launched ‘Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojna’ to encourage infrastructure building.
We are the world’s second largest exporter of shrimps.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary.
He later addressed a large gathering at the function to dedicate Kochi Metro to the nation.
I am glad that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
The grid is part of Government’s plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region.
He congratulated everyone associated with the construction of this Statue.
Ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 held in Tunisia.
Millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of MakarSankranti.
I was told that a few days ago, in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, over three lakh people came together to work for the sanitation campaign.
All the best for today.
For this, we are strengthening the entire eco-system of our administrative arrangements.
Inspired by his vision, the ‘National Human Rights Commission’ (NHRC) was formed on 12th October 1993.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit, at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on the 14th of September.
Growth in the aviation sector is expected to raise demand for aviation fuel four times by 2040.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
Singapore entities have become major partners with India in areas like urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
130 crore Indian will give a befitting reply to any such act or attack.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar to lead a life of discipline and development.
Now, we are a globally integrated economy.
He said that the shared resolve of India and Bangladesh, against cruelty and terrorism, will continue to inspire future generations through the Bangladesh Bhavan.
Friends, till recently Indian importers had to go abroad to view and purchase rough diamonds.
India has jumped 42 places in three years to enter the top hundred in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report 2018.
Leading financial agencies have shared their optimism about India’s growth as well.
The Prime Minister said that it is vital to identify the “last people in the line” so that benefits of governance can reach them.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
PM has directed Insurance Companies to hold special camps for assessment & timely release of compensation to the affected families/beneficiaries under Social Security Schemes.
India’s economic interests shall be better served by a higher number of arbitration experts and lawyers.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
We have also done well in the field of wildlife conservation.
He will also address a public meeting.
PM summed up his address, saying these efforts of the foundation showcase the importance of transition of ‘I’ to ‘We’, when we rise above ourselves and think about society.
His Highness and I discussed ways to transform our energy ties in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
World Environment Day seeks to address a very significant challenge this year.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
Best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
Jayalalithaa ji’s connect with citizens, concern for welfare of the poor, the women & marginalized will always be a source of inspiration.
It is true that from time to time, political parties have made constructive efforts to improve the system.
In this way, the national assets would be utilized in the best national interest.
They have taken this campaign in a religious manner.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
Today, the 11th August, reminds us of a significant event in history.
The Sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by Advance Pharma Company in Russia.
He reaffirmed India’s commitment to a robust and strong bilateral strategic partnership with the US.
I had made an appeal to change brain-drain into brain-gain.
He noted that the Union Government as well as all State Governments would be keen to popularize sports.
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and libraries of the country are also situated in Kerala.
This is a good beginning.
The Sides resolved to continue mutual support and synergies at various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
By practicing Yoga, a spirit of oneness is created – oneness of the mind, body and the intellect.
At Dwarka, he will lay the Foundation Stones of a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka; and other road development projects.
Social media is transforming disaster response.
The Prime Minister said that as many as three lakh companies have come under the scanner, in the course of inspecting the data mined after demonetization.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
The Prime Minister explained how the Union Government is focused on improving ease of doing business, and ease of living for the citizens.
• Identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep abreast of developments across the world, even as they kept their Indianness intact.
He thanked all the people who had property around the temple, and have allowed its acquisition for the project.
Both countries signed 12 agreements.
If anybody thinks that not going to a place will prolong their CM tenure and visiting a place will curtail it, such a person does not deserve to be a Chief Minister, the Prime Minister asserted.
The Sides noted with satisfaction the longstanding cooperation of Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
He outlined several other steps that are being taken to improve “ease of access to justice.”
It has the capacity to make a better society and nation.
It was Veer Savarkar who boldly expostulated by writing that whatever happened in 1857 was not a revolt but was indeed the First War of Independence.
He said that just as Sardar Patel had ensured political integration of the country, GST would ensure economic integration.
Savarkaralong with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50thanniversary of the First War of Independence with great fanfare at India house in London.
He added that that India would become great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
We will also interact with the BRICS Business Council represented by captains of industry from all five countries.
It is, therefore, surprising for me to know that there had never been a bilateral visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Portugal.
They have showed that if once the targets are set, spirits are high and with a strong resolve, the set targets can most certainly be attained.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that our minds are not ready to believe that Shri Vajpayee is no longer with us.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 per cent.
11,641 additional habitations have been connected with roads in the same period.
• If the law of the land is working, then we have to join hands together ward off the challenge from those who try to save themselves by raking up the issue of political conspiracy.
We asserted our supremacy in the world by introducing Tejas aircraft.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
Biofuels can help reduce import dependency on crude oil.
Water that belongs to India cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan, he added.
My dear countrymen, Ganesh Utsav is drawing near.
It is estimated that there are more than crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
Inclusion of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Miji) in serial No. 9 in lieu of ‘Momba’.
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the International Solar Alliance, and the joint effort of India and France to this cause.
They invest their lifetime savings only on the basis of just one signature of yours.
He will unveil the plaque to mark the serving of 3rd billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir.
The Prime Minister said India can achieve a lot in football.
The Prime Minister said that this high speed railway would not only bring two cities closer, but also bring the people living hundreds of kilometers away, closer to each other.
So I would like to know your views concerning the current direction of education and its future course.”
As on date, integration of datasets of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries has been achieved on this Portal.
These and other changes have been noticed by the global fraternity.
You celebrate Indian festivals as your own.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
The capability, commitment & controlling situation through rapid decisions of the NDRF have made them a cynosure of every Indian’s eye, worthy of respect & admiration.
Works like Encyclopaedia of Hinduism, when made available in various languages, increase the under-standing and enhance the awareness of other traditions and cultures within the country.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without collateral.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
In FDI Foreign Direct Investment, we are one of the most open countries now.
In the same vein, he said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore belongs to Bangladesh, as much as to India.
At this moment of hardship&agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
At Anand, the Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities, including Amul’s ultra-modern Chocolate Plant.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
Investors look for growth and macro-economic stability.
January, February, March, April – all these are for every family, months of most severe test!
The Prime Minister gave an overview of reforms undertaken in India in the recent past.
Outcome of the Budget Session
The Indian delegation, which was led by the Minister for Commerce & Industry, and Civil Aviation Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September 2018.
As fellow democracies, India and the ROK have shared values and a shared vision for regional and global peace.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalaya or be it desert area singed by sunlight, Yoga is flourishing the life in every situation.
The Facility has the largest underground storage compartment in the country.
Prime Minister Modi will dedicate first new Bhabhatron with precision technology (Multi Leaf Collimator), to the nation.
Through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind.
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha.
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history, and in our rich archaeological heritage.
It has resulted in much greater level of engagement of the Japanese industry with the Indian economy.
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks.
Everybody is now getting connected with this Fit India Campaign.
Today, in the twenty-sixth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices, and railways.
We have to further fortify that legacy.
In the last two years – 2014-2016, we facilitated the repatriation of over ninety thousand Indian nationals from nearly 54 countries.
Their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother India.
We will be hosting a global mobility conference this year.
He says that during exams, parents have a vital role to play.
I will also address the Indian community.
India welcomes the world to explore economic opportunities our nation has to offer!
In other words, such a system is being set up where in farms in any part of the country will have a market-connect.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is necessary for development today.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram (via video conference).
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
I share with you the strong commitment to take our bilateral engagement to a new level.
Even hair dressers change hair style fashions of their clients.
We have speeded up policy formulation in this sector.
The Prime Minister noted the impressive technological progress made by Israel, and its long traditions of bravery and martyrdom.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
But now we live in independent India.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said “playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.”
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
It has been made possible because of close cooperation between the Central Government and all the State Governments as well as all political parties.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop a connect, with the people around them, and with the people they serve, in course of their duties.
His biggest contribution in the Freedom struggle was that he made it an expansive “Jan-Aandolan” (People’s Movement).
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
“Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
He added that its implementation is a complex task that may well be the subject of future case-studies.
Keeping in line with the Government’s vision of providing drinking water to all, PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Piped Water Scheme for the rural areas of Bundelkhand Region.
The Sides noted the importance of expansion of collaboration in aluminium sector.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
We remember with great pride all the sacrifices made by our Army.
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the Government of Madhya Pradesh, for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
The project is significant as it will ensure water supply to the drought prone Bundelkhand region.
Let me conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
The govt. is also working towards the goal that every citizen of the country owns a house by 2022.
He said a new economic system is being developed along the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, and the entire area would become a single economic zone.
During the Freedom Struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at Mahatma Gandhi’s call.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia’s unconditional support to India on the issue of cross border terrorism.
He recalled that the Union Government had earlier rolled out the Jan Dhan Yojana to establish financial inclusion.
The whole world observes this as World Yoga Day.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
Shri Narendra Modi referred to the various projects in the power, road and other infrastructure sectors, which have progressed significantly, and brought about an improvement in the lives of the people in the city of Varanasi, and nearby areas.
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
She travelled to various countries and raised her voice against the mischievous propaganda against Sanatan Dharma and ideology.
On 1 June, I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob.
He inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
They will not be spared.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister performed a special prayer.
The Prime Minister welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
He unveiled a Road Map for overall development of tribals during the next five years.
He also spoke of the benefits that the other development projects launched today would bring about.
Creating an enabling environment for business and attracting investments remains my top priority.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
• Capital Expenditure in Infrastructure related projects has gone up by 48% over the previous year.
He said the development projects being inaugurated today augur well for the cooperative sector.
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways.
Your Highness, I warmly recall our earlier meetings in August 2015, and in February last year.
It is helping response agencies in quickly organizing themselves, and enabling citizens to connect more easily with authorities.
The staff of the UN and diplomats from across the world participated.
This is the change.
vi) Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals;
Today these diseases are known as ‘lifestyle disorders.’
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
Plastic now threatens to become a menace to humanity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of over 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
Regardless of the nature of business, Consumer satisfaction should be the prime motive.
An average of 32,000 crore rupees have been spent besides the MNREGA budget each year on water conservation and water management.
Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the mission of Swacchh Bharat forward.
In that interview, field Marshal Sam Manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a Colonel.
In 2016, Akshaya Patra commemorated the serving of 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
Investments through our “Make in India” initiative, have been well supported by programmes like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’.
This is in addition to Rs. 100 Cr. announced by the Home Minister on 12.08.2018.
In this context he mentioned the agreement of Units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
Now, we have come up with a law against Benami Property.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous nation.
“On the special occasion of their Statehood Day, greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a risk to any political party.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
It seems to become a question of life and death.
Prime Minister exchange views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
The Prime Minister said that India-Bangladesh relations have been on an upward trajectory in the last few years.
With this new practice of people’s participation, our effort to take the country forward with people’s involvement will help us to reach our goal.
The Prime Minister emphasized that laws and Acts have to be followed up by action.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
We are also familiar with Japan’s enormous contributions to the process of development in other parts of the world, especially in Asia and Africa.
They spoke of their respective efforts to contribute to the regional and global economic development.
Centre assures all support to Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation.
It is India’s youth that is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights, the Prime Minister said.
And, shape our partnership and engagement in a manner that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and also touches your lives.
Bharat Net is targeted at providing last mile internet connectivity in the country.
He mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail, and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago.
Applauding the various social initiatives carried out by the Dawoodi Bohra community, Prime Minister said that various efforts are taken by the government to ensure improved living standards for citizens, especially the poor and needy.
He said the areas of the country that are near the sea, can become centres of our blue revolution.
It is indeed sad that we kept on calling the events of 1857 only as a rebellion or a soldiers’ mutiny for a very long time.
First of all, I congratulate the newly elected deputy chairman Shriman HarivanshJi on behalf the entire house and myself.
I would also visit some places of worship that have civilizational linkages with India.
Even today, India is one of the largest contributors to various United Nations Peace Keeping Forces in terms of sending forces personnel.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment all over the country.
Heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at a rapid rate.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry enjoys immense popularity across the world.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas be with you.
He worked tirelessly for the progress of Delhi, particularly towards ensuring better infrastructure.
Today solar energy is gaining popularity in India.”
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway, road, petroleum, and power sectors.
One new medical college will be set up for every three districts.
The unique festival Chhath Pooja is deeply linked with nature & worshiping nature.
He said today India is not just the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
Secretary Carter briefed Prime Minister on the progress in taking forward the decisions and understandings reached in June this year.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
He said that it is also a responsibility to be careful and conserve as much water as possible.
He expressed confidence that everyone would work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
He urged people to use the Bhim App and embrace cashless transactions.
Even a common man gets a unique diving feeling when he visits this place.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
We launched the process of full membership in Tashkent meeting of the SCO last year.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
To improve last mile delivery, we are improving governance, by increasing access to digital technology.
They gave due priority and importance to each single drop of water.
Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
Another noteworthy aspect of this project is that nearly one thousand women and twenty-three transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail System.
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education, under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
The approval seeks to ensure that the doctors belonging to Central Health Service (CHS) and of other Ministries / Departments / entities of the Central Government, after attaining the age of 62 years, work exclusively in their respective fields of clinical expertise.
PM said his Government’s drive against black money was a bold and decisive step.
He added that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
He said this target was recently accomplished in about 17,000 villages.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
Our trade synergies with Europe and South East Asia through the Spice Route are well known.
Have asked Defence Ministry to further step up the rescue and relief operations across the state.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
We are happy to have this opportunity to deepen our engagement with the bank and its members.
My personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now a decade old.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarjee.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for the establishment of the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
He said almost all villages along the banks of the River Ganga have now become open defecation free.
These are just a few examples.
He urged the children to ensure that the adulation and fame that they are getting, should not become an obstacle to their future progress.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luwangsangbam.
They are currently touring different parts of India as part of the initiative “Watan Ko Jaano.”
Armed Forces, the world over know the importance of supply chains.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy.
Government has also asked banks to raise the credit limit for small industry from 20 per cent of turnover to 25 per cent.
Skill India aims to ensure that new entrants to the work force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century.
This is an example where the daughters are stitching ordinary to good quality clothes for themselves and other families.
Presence of President Ramaphosa on the Republic Day and participation as the Chief Guest, is a symbol of our shared commitment to strengthen our relations.
It was Atal Ji’s exemplary leadership that set the foundations for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
As popular business hubs, they also rank high in the levels of Ease of Doing Business.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the award is to be disposed off by the Court within one year.
I would like to assure that the steps taken by the Government would help India move into a new league in the years to come.
This is Prime Minister’s second visit to the city.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household of the country.
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
He will also release the Innovation and Start-Up Policy for A&N Islands.
He expressed happiness that States are now organising investor summits.
As close neighbours, our relationship spreads across many layers.
His demise is anguishing.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress, and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
The Prime Minister spoke of cooperation between India and Israel for innovation in areas such as food, water, health and energy.
The brave peacekeepers from this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Budha have sent a message of peace and amity around the world.
He said this is an indication that the world accepts the relevance of Gandhi’s ideals, even today.
He said the Union Government is committed to fulfilling all its missions and resolves, with the help of the people.
Cars made in India by a Japanese car maker are already selling in Japan.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
The Government has taken a number of steps to boost investment.
People donate generously to the needy during this holy month.
Who does not know about the Bangladesh Freedom Struggle of 1971?
Shri Narendra Modi said that keeping in mind the interests of the tribal population, the Forest Rights Act is being strictly implemented.
v) Hospital twinning for exchange of good practices;
Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
The Prime Minister directed efficient and stringent monitoring of rural roads construction and their quality.
My Dear Countrymen, Namaskar
In the course of the day, the Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti, and Kanyakumari.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
Towards this end, the Government of India issued a National Transit Oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
I hope India’s success at 2018 Commonwealth Games motivates more youngsters to pursue sports and creates larger awareness on the importance of fitness in everyone’s lives.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
The Prime Minister asserted that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel, and his contribution towards the building of our nation.
It is in the interests of producersthat other economies keep growing steadily and rapidly.
We are engaged in a massive push towards renewable energy generation.
Together, they contribute to creating a more interconnected and diverse world.
That’s why the state government has been provided every help for the development of basic facilities.
He also recalled the role of members of Indian community in the Kenya’s freedom movement.
This does not do justice to our rich experience and abundant design talent.
People explained to him, the hardships faced by them on account of the cyclone.
My dear countrymen, in our country, there is a Neelakurinji flower which blooms once every 12 years.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
A number of importantbills beneficial to the youth and the backward classes were passed during this session.
It will also enable assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
It is natural for each one of us to feel proud of this great tradition of India.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship.
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multi-polar global order in international relations as a reflection of natural and inevitable process of evolution of interstate relations in the 21st century.
The two leaders agreed that as two major countries and emerging economies, India and China, given their vast developmental experiences and national capacities, should join hands to take lead in offering innovative and sustainable solutions to challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
Bilal is very young age wise but is a source of inspiration for all of us who are interested in cleanliness.
During the operation, a sailor from Thailand Navy sacrificed his life.
The growing depth and variety in our relationship has been accentuated by the harmony between our Act East Policy and ROK’s New Southern Policy.
While new laws have been formulated, older laws have been made more stringent now.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor.
If we remain vigilant, we can now save our children from returning to those evil ways of violence and cruelty.
Our forefathers have lived this as a way of life for centuries together.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
We are also working together on the reforms of the UN Security Council.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
They believe that the simultaneous emergence of India and China as two large economies and major powers with strategic and decisional autonomy, has implications of regional and global significance.
He appreciated the people of the Nicobar Islands for their spirit and hard work in rebuilding the islands after the tsunami.
He urged all officers to speed up the adoption of Government e- Marketplace (GeM) in their respective departments.
He said this constructive atmosphere should be used to move swiftly towards the creation of New India.
He said the new format of the Conference has resulted in a marked improvement in the quality of discussions.
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
Even today, knowledge is the best guiding light.
He offered prayers at Sree PadmanabhaSwamy Temple.
The Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation during a meeting with Shri PinarayiVijayan, the Chief Minister of Kerala, and officials of the State Government.
He was committed towards eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
I was reading an old interview with the celebrated Army officer samManekshaw.
In India, we are upgrading connectivity at all levels.
More than forty countries have sent their official delegations as well.
The Prime Minister described the relationship between India and Israel as one of traditions, culture, trust and friendship.
In the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a Padma Shri.
Shri Narendra Modi said he was fortunate to have had the occasion for social work among the tribals in his youth.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will be mutually beneficial to the food processing sector in both countries.
From the time of the Upanishads persons with knowledge have been respected through the ages.
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
They shared their perspectives on the long shared history and maritime links between the two countries.
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
Atalji was a true patriot.
Narendra Modi during the interaction said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana- National Rural Livelihood Mission has been started in all states.
In case of a fast track procedure, such award can be given in 6 months.
May Yoga be of benefit to one and all.
Our trade and investment relations are becoming more and more intense.
“My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate air services between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
Every young sportsperson’s passion & dedication is the hallmark of New India.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his warm regards to H. E. Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad, Prime Minister of Malaysia.
We have given full freedom to the security forces.
Late in the evening, the Prime Minister drove through the streets of Varanasi, evaluating the development of the city.
The National War Memorial, near India Gate in New Delhi, is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who laid down their lives defending the nation, post-independence.
Friends, keeping the inflation under control has caused economic benefits to the poor and middle class consumers.
This is in line with our mutual desire for a reinforced strategic partnership.
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefitted in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement.
There is no dearth of talent in our country.
They were able to include almost all aspects of Hinduism in only 11 volumes.
The Government and the opposition – both are putting forth their view points.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi’s commitment to Swachhta.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a Sahkar Sammelan in New Delhi, on the occasion of the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for entering into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) in relation to Mutual Co-operation.
I wish you success in your efforts.
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been established.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other’s strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
Today’s dawn has brought a new spirit, a new enthusiasm, a new zeal and a new energy with it.
Women are already empowered and now getting armed too.
This has done away with a vast range of State level and central level taxes through-out India.
The European Investment Bank has lent over one billion Euros to India towards environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
The size and growth of the Indian market hold much potential.
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk with crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents and teachers; a possibility through the aegis of technology.
I am confident that World Food India will help us take some concrete steps in this direction.
In fact, 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the Japanese people.
The MoU was concluded in July, 2017
He expressed happiness at the large presence of Japanese companies in India.
The Paika Rebellion (Paika Bidroha) was fought against British rule, in Odisha in 1817.
In this context he spoke of India’s digital infrastructure, and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
He mentioned that these initiatives are changing the lives of ordinary people.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during Ramzan.
I will join programmes in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
These brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians.
The Prime Minister reiterated his vision that relationships between regions and provinces of two countries are a vital part of nurturing the bilateral relationship.
He congratulated the people of Jammu Kashmir for making the state Open Defecation Free by September 2018 itself.
An enabling alternate dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
He made unwavering efforts towards serving the post-partition refugees in Delhi.
And, then they published some selected letters.
He said the Ardh-Kumbh would show how ‘New India’ encompasses both heritage and modernity.
In a couple of days, we will observe the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
Second, a series of Jan Aushadi Kendras were started throughout the country.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
Apart from farming, they can earn money by selling power generated through solar farming.
There was a time in the past where some products from India had achieved a global reputation.
The Committee lauded PM’s initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization.
He said that the biggest challenge for the medal winners will start now and they should never lose their goal of being in the Olympic Games podium.
